Bonjour et bienvenue à Plutocoustic Radio
Hello and welcome to Plutocoustic Radio
Je suis avec ma préférée guest, ma préférée host, ma partenaire en crime, Paulson Clement
I'm with my favorite guest, my favorite host, my crime partner, Paulson Clement
Bonjour, urban country, comment are you, mate ?
Hello, urban country, how are you, matte?
Je suis bien, man, il y a un an, il y a un an
I'm good, man, a year ago, a year ago.
Oui, sûr, il y a un an, je crois, il y a un an
Yeah, sure, a year ago, I think, a year ago.
Like forever, like forever
Like forever, mais nous avons tellement à dire
Like forever, but we have so much to say.
To each other, mais aussi à Plutocousticos, you know ?
To each other, but also to Plutocousticos, you know?
So, je me souviens de ce que les trois premières de notre show sont ici
So, I remember what the first three of our show are here.
Le premier serait la régularité
The first would be regularity.
Oui, sûr
Yeah, sure.
Peut-être pas notre strongest
Maybe not our strongest.
Pas le strongest en l'hôtel, oui, bien sûr
Not the strongest in the hotel, yes, of course.
Le deuxième, je disais, la trustabilité des sources ?
The second, I said, trustability of sources?
Oui, oui, toujours, toujours, toujours, très, très, très, très, très
Yes, yes, always, always, always, very, very, very, very, very
Et la troisième, je disais, honest à la pork
And the third, I said, honest at the pork
Honnest à la shit, honest à la shit pork
Honnest at the shit, honest at the shit pork
Oui, comme 100% honest
Yes, like 100% honor
With ourselves, with the Custicos, with everyone
With bears, with the Custicos, with everyone
We are 100%, dare I say 200% honest
We are 100%, dare I say 200% honor
Yeah, I don't think that would be a lie
I don't think it would, it's like
No, no, so
Maybe, maybe, maybe, you know, urban
Maybe it's not for us to say
Oh, no, no, no
Oh, no, no, no, no.
Mais si quelqu'un
But if anyone
was
à parler de Plutopostique,
about Plutopostic,
ils disent que ces gars
They say these guys
sont 200%
200%
franco de poc.
Franco de poc.
Je pense qu'ils disent.
I think they say.
Je pense, et je ne sais pas,
I think, and I don't know,
mais je pense qu'ils disent
But I think they say
que c'est le meilleur podcast
that this is the best podcast
sur Terre.
on Earth.
Maybe le meilleur
Maybe the best
French podcast.
Je ne sais pas.
I don't know.
Mais est-ce le meilleur
But is it the best
à tout ?
Everything?
Oui, sûr.
Yeah, sure.
Of course.
Just like,
you know ?
You know?
What would that make ?
What would that make?
That would make
le meilleur podcast
the best podcast
de la vie.
life.
That's it.
So,
aujourd'hui est Bastille Day
Today is Bastille Day
in France
et je suis hangover-ass shit
and I'm hangover-ass shit
parce que...
Because...
Oui,
Yes,
parce que tu as drank
'Cause you got drank.
beaucoup de beer
a lot of beer
yesterday.
Yesterday.
Oui,
Yes,
je suis avec toi,
I'm with you,
le grand gig,
the big gig,
le grand gars.
Big guy.
Je suis dans un lot
I'm in a lot.
de shows.
Shows.
doing what I do,
showing my dick around,
people crying.
The usual,
the unusual.
you know,
doing my craft,
doing my shit.
Doing my shit.
And then,
you know,
we drank
excessively.
Too much.
Maybe it was
your birthday.
Yeah.
Yeah,
it's not happening
every day.
Every day.
You could,
I've been born
on the 14th of July.
It would have been
a positive message
to send to the world.
Well,
you were there
one day earlier.
one thing I like
about being born
on the 13th
is that
I can be drunk
as shit
as hit
and then
the day after
I don't have to walk
and I can be hangover
and,
you know,
shitting.
Hitting.
Fantastic.
Yeah.
Every year
you can get pissed.
Yeah.
no consequences.
And you know,
it's the best.
I need my time
to cry,
to forget
I'm getting old.
Of course.
I'm 22 now.
22 now.
I'm 22.
Everyone.
It's fucking old.
I,
you know,
so.
So.
So,
did you see any
changes
within your
body
after the,
I don't know,
30th birthday
or 25th?
gold 25th?
Yeah.
Like,
this morning
I wake up
drunk as shit
and I realize
I'm
Im
I'm a fucking
fat pig.
Fat Pig.
I'm gross.
Big ones.
I still have
a huge cock.
Huge cock.
I still have
a huge cock.
Huge cock.
But,
Purpose:
I just realized
and then
I remember
it's been years
that I'm fat as shit.
That's what I'm saying.
It's been years
that I'm gross
I'm fat
and disgusting.
and disguising.
I thought it was yesterday.
I think it was yesterday.
So,
it's not,
it's not really
that new.
Yeah.
Not that new.
Did you feel something new?
Are you,
you're what,
34?
I think my dick
kind of grew
Kind of green
more.
Okay.
I thought
I think
I would stop,
but
purpose
Okay.
I thought
I think
you were going to say
like,
Like,
you know,
white hair
or my back hurt
or my back Hurt
or
gold
White hair on my balls.
Definitely.
Okay.
So,
it's just focused
around your
cock and balls area.
Well,
yeah.
Yeah.
You only grow
in the groin area.
I'm growing.
Like,
the penis is growing,
but also,
purpose also,
I see the balls
are more and more sagging
and now,
they're down to,
they're down to my knees.
You know,
to your knees,
yeah.
Yeah.
You know,
you know this thing
when kids grow up
and they're on the wall
and you put little marks
to show.
You put marks
down to the floor
every year.
Every year.
I have this
on my leg
on my thigh
every year.
Every year.
Well,
1990.
Every year,
it goes down.
I think
the law
is that
when it's
touched the ground,
you have to die.
I think you have
to commit suicide.
when you step
on your balls
and it hurts
and it screams
really bad.
Really bad.
You're coming suicide.
Like,
with your cane,
you're hurting
you're screaming
your own balls,
then...
Did you,
did you,
I think it happened
to me once or twice,
to me ounce or twist,
did you,
Did you,
one day,
sat on your balls?
Sat on your balls?
Oh,
right now.
Clearly,
And it hurts...
And it screams...
Oh,
you know,
by mistake,
by mistake.
No,
no,
I'm constant
constant
and it hurts.
and it screams.
Oh,
okay.
Okay.
It hurts a part
It screams apart
of my brain
that speaks French
that spoken English
and now I'm stuck.
I'm stuck with this.
this is,
This is,
this is why.
Okay.
So,
how do you,
how are you gonna celebrate
Bastille Day today?
Uh,
well,
Well,
Bastille Day,
uh,
Uh,
huge day
Huge day
when you love,
uh,
Uh,
when you love,
uh,
Uh,
you know,
uh,
Uh,
army men,
uh,
Uh,
uniforms
uniform
and huge,
huge,
Huge,
uh,
Uh,
tanks
and,
and horses.
So,
huge day for me
Huge day for me
as I,
I love all of those
very much.
Very much.
You woke up early
to see the,
the Diffy Day.
so,
So,
uh,
Uh,
usually,
uh,
Uh,
the 14th,
uh,
Uh,
I wake up at four.
I wake up at oven.
Yeah.
Uh,
I masturbate violently
I violently masturbate
while singing,
uh,
Uh,
our national anthem.
Our national anthem.
Yeah.
As every French man
should.
Shouldn't.
Do you,
do you think,
uh,
Uh,
of the current president?
the goal?
No,
maybe Pompidou?
Maybe Pompidou?
No,
just Chirac.
Just Chirac.
Chirac.
Yeah.
It's the sexiest one.
And,
and I have to come,
uh,
Uh,
at the end of the song.
So,
uh,
Uh,
you know,
and then,
uh,
Uh,
and then,
uh,
Uh,
so that's,
So that's,
uh,
Uh,
morning.
Morning.
Then,
There,
I just
looked at,
uh,
Uh,
Laurent Delahousse
and Julien Bougier
on France 2.
And,
uh,
Uh,
mainly,
Handy,
mainly for the trucks.
for the trucks.
I really love,
uh,
Uh,
the military trucks,
but,
purpose,
uh,
Uh,
then I masturbate again,
uh,
Uh,
thinking about,
uh,
Uh,
Lea Drucker.
What,
what time is it around
the second masturbation?
Like,
11,
11.
Oh,
so it's like five,
hours,
six hours after the first one.
It's okay.
Yeah,
because in between,
in between,
I'm just watching France 2.
And charging,
And charming,
and charging,
and drawing,
how do you charge the balls?
Like,
do you have certain food
to,
to be sure?
To be sure?
uh,
Uh,
purgeau multifruit,
multifruit purgeau,
you know,
very useful.
Very useful.
Of course.
Ananas,
Pineapples,
and a lot of ratatouille,
of course.
Ratatouille,
filling the balls as much as we,
spinning the balls as much as we,
as we can with all this good vegetable shit.
as we can with all this good vegetable hit.
Yeah,
I dip my balls in ratatouille.
Ah,
for you eating.
for you learning.
That's my,
my little secret.
My little secret.
All right.
And,
uh,
Uh,
and then,
uh,
Uh,
well,
Well,
today,
it's,
uh,
Uh,
a huge,
Huge,
uh,
Uh,
huge Tour de France,
Huge Tour de France,
uh,
Uh,
day.
They are in,
in the mountains.
so,
So,
maybe,
Maybe,
uh,
Uh,
around the,
you know,
when,
when they arrive at the,
at the top of the mountain,
uh,
Uh,
I masterbed a third time,
uh,
Uh,
thinking about Gerard Holtz.
and then,
well,
Well,
it's time for,
you must come,
you must come pretty fast.
if you think about this sexy beast of the Holtz.
if you think about this sexy beat of the Holtz.
Oh,
the beast,
Gerard,
Holtz.
I can't,
I don't think I can last more than,
like,
Like,
one minute thinking of this guy,
you know?
I wonder sometimes what,
uh,
Uh,
what does his,
uh,
Uh,
dick look like?
You know,
what,
what does,
uh,
Uh,
every celebrity's dick look like?
Every celebration's dick look like?
I don't know if I'm the only one thinking about this,
but sometimes I wonder.
You're not the only one.
What does Gerard Holtz's dick look like?
Flaccid or hard?
Because it's.
Flaccid,
flaccid,
flaccid.
It's funnier,
I think.
Uh,
I think Holtz's dick is like,
uh,
Uh,
very sturdy,
you know,
very short,
but very thick,
but very stick,
like,
Like,
uh,
Uh,
like,
Like,
Coca-Cola.
Yeah,
okay.
Okay.
Oasis Ken.
I think it was his surname,
you know,
his nickname.
His nickname.
Yeah,
distributor,
the canet.
This is how we do it.
Bon,
All right,
allez,
Come on.
stop.
Stop.
On a tenu pas mal.
We've done pretty good.
On aurait pu faire tout l'épisode.
We could have done the whole episode.
Franchement,
Honestly,
on fera le prochain,
We'll do the next one,
on fera 10 minutes en espagnol.
We'll do 10 minutes in Spanish.
Mais c'était déjà pas mal.
But it was not bad already.
Show,
show.
Show.
Espagnol,
Spanish,
pas sûr d'avoir le,
Not sure he's got it,
disons qu'on parlera moins de,
Let's say we'll talk less about,
de,
of,
de la bite de Gerard Holtz.
Gerard Holtz's dick.
Quoi?
What?
La polla de Gerard?
Gerard's polla?
La polla de Gerard.
Gerard's polla.
Ricante,
Ricant,
ricante,
laughing,
polla,
comme on a,
as we have,
la caneta de Wali.
Wali's caneta.
Putain,
Fuck,
mais c'était,
But it was,
euh,
Uh,
bon,
All right,
quoi,
What,
alors quoi,
Then what,
donc on repasse en français,
So we go back to French,
d'accord.
Okay.
Oui,
Yes,
et,
and,
et même,
and even,
est-ce que,
Do you,
alors on est à distance,
So we're at a distance,
parce qu'on n'a jamais réussi à faire en vrai,
Because we never managed to do it in real life,
et déjà on est en retard de,
and we're already late for,
bon,
All right,
on n'est pas vraiment,
We're not really,
on n'avait pas dit,
We didn't say,
mais bon,
But good,
c'est vrai que là,
It's true that there,
on a eu beaucoup de mal avec.
We had a lot of trouble with it.
Ben,
Well,
c'était la fin de,
It was the end of,
de,
of,
du confinement et du,
containment and
du couvre-feu,
curfew,
donc on était sur une fin de mi-confiné,
So we were on a semi-confined end,
il fallait faire une pause,
We had to take a break,
elle fut faite,
it was made,
et je pense qu'elle a fait du bien à beaucoup de monde.
And I think she's done a lot of good to a lot of people.
Oui,
Yes,
oui,
alors on a quand même eu beaucoup de messages de gens déçus,
So we still got a lot of messages from disappointed people,
qui avaient du mal à,
who had trouble with,
parce que le rythme a été soutenu pendant longtemps,
because the rhythm has been sustained for a long time,
mais en même temps,
but at the same time,
tout le monde avait envie de boire.
Everyone wanted to drink.
Et pas tant que ça,
And not so much,
et pas tant que ça.
And not so much.
Et pas tant que ça,
And not so much,
oui,
Yes,
allez,
Come on.
je dirais une vingtaine.
I'd say about 20.
On a vu.
We saw.
Les gens sont foutus.
People are screwed.
Donc,
So,
on est effectivement,
We're actually,
il y avait mon spectacle hier,
There was my show yesterday,
vous êtes venu.
You came.
C'était très sympa.
It was very nice.
Il y avait des causticoses dans la salle.
There were causticoses in the room.
N'hésitez pas à en faire une critique,
Do not hesitate to make it a critique,
mais avec,
but with,
évidemment,
Of course,
que des,
that of,
voilà,
There you go.
vous êtes libre de dire ce que vous voulez sur le spectacle,
you are free to say what you want about the show,
dans la mesure où ce n'est que du positif,
in so far as it is only positive,
dit Tyrambique.
Says Tyrambique.
A vous.
Over.
Ben,
Well,
après,
then,
c'est vrai que,
It's true that,
moi,
Me,
j'ai,
I have,
généralement,
generally,
sur n'importe quel produit,
on any product,
même les restaurants,
Even restaurants,
les gens qui laissent des commentaires,
People who leave comments,
c'est des commentaires négatifs.
It's negative comments.
C'est le seul intérêt de laisser un commentaire.
It's the only point to leave a comment.
Quand tu n'es pas content,
When you're not happy,
tu vas râler.
You're gonna be mad.
Mais pour les spectacles
But for the shows
et pour Biller Reduc et compagnie,
and for Biller Reduce and company,
il faut vraiment être très,
You really have to be very,
très énervé
Very upset
pour aller chier sur un spectacle.
To shit on a show.
C'est moche.
It's ugly.
J'en ai eu qu'un,
I only had one,
moi,
Me,
depuis trois ans
for the past three years
et en plus,
and in addition,
Biller Reduc,
Biller Reduce,
ils l'ont enlevé.
They took him.
Ah,
c'est censuré,
It's censored,
en vrai,
Actually,
ben,
Well,
bravo.
Bravo.
Ben,
Well,
non,
No,
mais je ne sais plus pourquoi,
But I don't know why,
parce qu'il avait dit un truc,
Because he said something,
non,
No,
mais est-ce qu'il était parti trop en couilles,
But had he gone too much balls,
le gars ?
Guy?
Parce que tu l'avais énervé,
Because you pissed him off,
peut-être avec un...
Maybe with a...
Non,
No,
non,
c'était juste un gars
He was just a guy.
qui n'avait vraiment pas aimé.
who really didn't like it.
Non,
No,
mais en plus,
But besides,
elle doit être quelque part,
It must be somewhere,
mais genre,
But like,
ils l'ont mis un peu au fond
They put him down a bit.
parce qu'ils se sont dit,
because they said,
oh,
Oh,
il y en a un sur 300.
There's one out of 300.
Mais,
But,
ouais,
Yeah,
oui.
Yeah.
Et du coup,
And so,
il t'avait un peu,
He had you a little,
c'était quoi,
What was that?
il t'avait insulté ?
He insulted you?
Je suis rassif,
I'm full,
si je le retrouve,
If I find him,
mais je ne sais pas
But I don't know.
s'il l'avait enlevé ou pas,
if he had taken it or not,
mais il avait dit que ma vie
But he said my life
était de la merde,
was shit,
plus ou moins,
more or less,
et que c'était de la merde.
And it was shit.
Ah oui,
Oh, yes.
d'accord.
Okay.
que ce n'était pas intéressant.
It wasn't interesting.
C'était vraiment,
It really was,
donc pas très...
So not very...
Pas vraiment lié au spectacle,
Not really related to the show,
quoi.
What.
Si,
Yes,
si,
c'est parce que,
That's because,
vu que je raconte ma vie
as I tell my life
dans le spectacle,
in the show,
ils disaient,
They said,
elle est nulle cette vie.
She sucks this life.
Je dis,
I say,
bah,
Yeah,
c'est vrai.
That's right.
Mais après,
But then,
est-ce qu'il faut forcément
Do you have to
être un aventurier pour...
Be an adventurer for...
C'est aussi le principe
This is also the principle.
du stand-up,
stand-up,
quoi.
What.
Oui,
Yes,
c'est ça.
That's right.
C'est la vie de merde.
This is shitty life.
Tout le monde n'a pas
Not everyone has
forcément une vie incroyable.
Must have been an incredible life.
Alors,
So,
je vais voir dans de mauvaises notes,
I'll see in bad notes,
la plus mauvaise que j'ai.
The worst I have.
Non,
No,
la plus mauvaise que j'ai,
the worst I have,
c'est...
It's...
En plus,
Plus,
c'est vieux,
It's old,
ça a presque trois ans maintenant.
It's almost three years old now.
Donc,
So,
voilà.
There.
Donc,
So,
les gens ne vont pas mettre
People won't wear
de commentaires négatifs.
negative comments.
Non,
No,
non,
pas trop.
Not too much.
Pas trop.
Mais voilà,
But that's it.
donc,
So,
il y avait des petits costicots,
There were little Costicots,
dont certains qui nous ont attendus
of which some have waited for us
sous la pluie,
in the rain,
mais qui nous ont envoyé un message.
but who sent us a message.
Mais en fait,
But actually,
nous,
we,
je ne les ai pas vus.
I didn't see them.
Et puis,
And then,
alors toi,
So you,
tu es allé boire un coup de ton côté.
You went for a drink on your side.
Moi,
Me,
je devais enchaîner le deuxième spectacle.
I had to chain the second show.
Quand je suis sorti,
When I left,
j'avais très,
I had a lot,
très,
Very,
très fin.
Very fine.
Donc,
So,
on est allé manger avec un pote
We went to eat with a friend.
pas loin,
Not far,
où on a été retrouvé d'ailleurs
where we were found
par des costicots,
Costicots,
de très,
very,
très beaux costicots.
Very beautiful Costicots.
Un joli couple de costicots.
A nice couple of costicots.
Oui.
Yes.
Très bien habillé,
Very well dressed,
d'ailleurs.
Besides.
Très stylé.
Very stylish.
Bien sûr.
Sure.
Non,
No,
moi,
Me,
je pensais que tous nos auditeurs
I thought all our listeners
s'habillaient comme des sacs.
dressed like bags.
Non,
No,
eux,
they,
ils étaient quand même
They were still
assez élégants.
Quite elegant.
Petite casquette,
Small cap,
petit chahouet,
Little chahouet,
parce qu'ils faisaient
because they were
un beau temps de merde.
A nice shitty weather.
Il vendait du shit,
He was selling shit,
d'ailleurs.
Besides.
Il vendait du shit.
He was selling shit.
Il vendait du shit,
He was selling shit,
lui vendait du shit.
sold him shit.
Elle,
She,
elle ne m'a pas proposé
She didn't offer me
plutôt tout ce qui était crack.
More like anything that was crack.
Elle,
She,
elle était assez...
She was quite...
Oui,
Yes,
oui,
c'était plus dur.
It was harder.
Elle,
She,
on sent qu'elle était partie.
It feels like she's gone.
Oui,
Yes,
je pense qu'elle ne doit plus
I don't think she should anymore.
comprendre grand-chose au podcast.
understand a lot about podcast.
C'était beaucoup de crack.
That was a lot of crack.
Mais lui,
But he,
il était encore potable,
he was still drinking,
je veux dire,
I mean,
un bon gars solide.
A good solid guy.
Après,
Then,
est-ce qu'on peut prendre
Can we take
trop de crack ?
Too much crack?
Oui.
Yes.
Non,
No,
je me posais la question.
I was wondering.
Oui,
Yes,
c'est crack.
It's crack.
Non,
No,
non,
déjà,
already,
tu sais,
You know,
je crois qu'en prendre une fois,
I think taking one once,
c'est trop.
It's too much.
Putain,
Fuck,
est-ce que tu testerais
Would you test
plein de drogue
full of drugs
si on me disait
if I was told
que tu avais plus
that you had more
que deux mois à vivre ?
Only two months to live?
Oui.
Yes.
Oui,
Yes,
parce que ma peur principale,
because my main fear,
c'est quand même
It's still
d'être accro,
being addicted,
pas vraiment de ne pas redescendre
not really not to go down
ou déconner comme ça.
Or screw up like that.
Oui,
Yes,
c'est clair.
That's clear.
Le pire,
The worst,
c'est ça,
That's right,
tu vois.
See.
C'est combien,
How much,
deux mois d'héroïne ?
Two months of heroin?
C'est genre,
It's like,
allez,
Come on.
cinq,
five,
trois mille euros ?
Three thousand euros?
Oui,
Yes,
non,
No,
mais en plus,
But besides,
si tu fais nimp,
If you're nimp,
tu peux aller plus vite
You can go faster
que deux mois,
only two months,
tu vois.
See.
Non,
No,
mais tu vois,
But you see,
je me dis le crack,
I think the crack,
en plus,
in addition,
la première pipe doit être sympa,
The first pipe must be nice,
mais c'est juste que ça te pourrit la peau,
But it just rots your skin,
ça te pourrit les dents,
It rots your teeth,
pas envie de ressembler à un déchet non plus.
I don't want to look like waste either.
Donc,
So,
ouais,
Yeah,
si j'ai deux mois,
If I'm two months old,
je pense que je teste d'abord des trucs,
I think I'm testing things first,
tu sais,
You know,
comme du LSD et des trucs comme ça ?
Like LSD and stuff like that?
Ah non,
Oh, no, no.
moi,
Me,
ça me passe pas.
I don't like it.
Moi,
Me,
il n'y a que l'héroïne et la morphine,
There's only heroin and morphine,
d'autres,
others,
les trucs qui te font vraiment…
the things that really do you...
Ah,
mais moi,
But me,
je crois que je termine par l'héroïne.
I think I end up with heroin.
Je crois que je termine…
I think I'm finishing...
Mais le LSD,
But LSD,
franchement,
Frankly,
je pense qu'il n'y a pas de plaisir.
I think there's no pleasure.
Enfin,
Finally,
il doit y avoir un petit plaisir,
There must be a little pleasure,
mais le risque…
But the risk...
À mon avis,
In my opinion,
l'héroïne,
heroin,
tu ne peux pas faire un bad trip,
You can't do a bad trip,
alors que le LSD,
while LSD,
tu as quand même une petite chance
You still have a little chance.
de trouver ça nul,
To think it sucks,
comme la weed un peu forte.
Like weed a little strong.
Donc,
So,
du coup,
je ne sais pas si…
I don't know if...
Oui,
Yes,
mais c'est pour ça que je ne le fais pas
But that's why I don't.
en temps normal,
normally,
tu vois.
See.
Mais je pense que…
But I think...
si j'ai l'occasion de tester plusieurs,
If I have the opportunity to test several,
ouais,
Yeah,
je commencerais par ça,
I'd start with that,
ou des champignons très très forts,
or very strong mushrooms,
parce que j'ai pris une ou deux fois
because I took one or two times
des champignons,
mushrooms,
et ça…
And this...
Bon,
All right,
je n'ai pas trop apprécié l'expérience.
I didn't enjoy the experience too much.
Enfin,
Finally,
c'était des nomelettes,
They were nomelettes,
ça n'a rien à voir,
It has nothing to do with it.
et ce n'était pas de la drogue,
And it wasn't drugs,
en fait.
Actually.
On était chez Maurice.
We were at Maurice's.
Non,
No,
ouais,
Yeah,
non,
No,
c'était des girolles
They were girolles.
qui étaient dans des pâtes aux girolles,
which were in girolle pasta,
et bon,
and good,
c'était bon.
It was good.
C'était bon.
Ça ne m'a pas…
It didn't...
Voilà.
There.
Par contre,
However,
le pinard de chez Maurice,
Maurice's pinard,
vous avez gagné.
You won.
Ah ben,
Well,
c'est comme le LSD,
It's like LSD,
il y a une expérience presque extra-corporée.
There is an almost extra-corporated experience.
Non,
No,
mais ouais,
But yeah,
je pense que je finis à l'héroïne,
I think I end up with heroin,
en effet.
Indeed.
Moi,
Me,
je pense que c'est…
I think it's...
Il y a un truc fascinant,
There's something fascinating,
tu sais,
You know,
avec ça.
with this.
C'est la seule qui me tente,
It's the only one that tempts me,
moi,
Me,
l'héro.
Hero.
Mais en fait,
But actually,
même pas l'héro,
Not even the hero,
la morphine,
Morphine,
carrément,
Quite,
ils ont l'air de trop kiffer,
They look too much,
les gens qui se font injecter de la morphine.
People who get morphine injected.
Ouais,
Yeah,
c'est vrai,
That's right,
c'est vrai.
That's right.
Mais tu vois,
But you see,
je trouve qu'il y a un petit côté,
I think there's a little side,
je ne sais pas,
I don't know,
artiste maudit,
Damn artist,
à la Philippe Semouroffman,
to the Philippe Semouroffman,
tu vois,
See,
on te retrouve dans ton grand hôtel de West Village,
We'll meet you in your big West Village hotel,
à Manhattan.
Manhattan.
Ah ben non,
Oh, no, no.
mais moi,
But me,
ce que je trouve,
What I find,
dans ce cas,
in this case,
ce qui est le plus stylé,
which is the most stylish,
c'est l'opium.
It's opium.
Tu as une seringue encore dans le bras,
You still have a syringe in your arm,
ah oui,
Yeah,
fumée de l'opium.
opium smoke.
Ah ouais,
Oh yeah,
avec deux Asiatiques mineurs,
with two Asian minors,
autour de toi,
around you,
qui te le donnent,
who give it to you,
comme dans,
as in,
c'est dans,
It's in,
il était une fois en Amérique,
he was once in America,
qu'ils se déboîtent à l'opium.
They're going to go to opium.
C'est ça,
That's right,
et tu leur donnes une pièce comme ça,
and you give them a room like that,
une piécette,
a piece,
et tu apportes de l'opium.
And you bring opium.
Ouais,
Yeah,
j'avoue,
I confess,
j'avoue que l'opium,
I confess that opium,
il y a un truc.
There's something.
C'était pas Raymond Barr,
It wasn't Raymond Barr,
ou je ne sais plus,
or I don't know anymore,
à quel politique français,
what French policy,
qui avait avoué qu'il s'était éclaté
who confessed that he had had fun
aux fumeries d'opium ?
Opium fumes?
Je pense qu'à une époque,
I think at one time,
ça devait être assez...
It must have been enough...
Non,
No,
mais c'était un truc totalement...
But it was a totally...
Raymond Barr,
je crois,
I think,
Raymond Barr,
je crois qu'il avait goûté à l'opium.
I think he tasted opium.
Je crois que c'était ça.
I think that was it.
Mais à mon avis,
But in my opinion,
c'est loin d'être le seul.
He's not the only one.
Mais,
But,
ouais,
Yeah,
je ne sais pas.
I don't know.
C'est ça,
That's right,
Raymond Barr a goûté à l'opium.
Raymond Barr tasted opium.
Voilà.
There.
Et ouais,
And yeah,
mais tu vois,
But you see,
j'ai l'impression,
I feel like,
et opium,
and opium,
il y a un petit,
There's a little,
il y a encore plus un petit danger sympa,
There's even more a nice little danger,
tu vois,
See,
à l'anpo,
Anpo,
il y a un petit côté gothique,
There's a little gothic side,
ouais,
Yeah,
ça me plaît.
I like it.
Ça me plaît aussi.
I like it, too.
Ah oui,
Oh, yes.
oui,
Yes,
non,
No,
c'est cool.
It's cool.
Et les pipes sont plus belles
And the pipes are more beautiful
que les pipes à crack.
that crack pipe.
Oui,
Yes,
les pipes à crack,
crack pipes,
bon,
All right,
esthétiquement...
aesthetically...
Les pipes à crack,
The crack pipes,
vous partez de l'instrument
you leave the instrument
qui sert à l'infimédie crack,
which is used for crack mistrust,
pas les meufs sans dents
Not women without teeth
qui te proposent leur service
who offer you their service
pour avoir les cracks.
To get the cracks.
Exactement.
Exactly.
Non,
No,
je parle d'une petite pipe à crack.
I'm talking about a little crack pipe.
J'ai testé,
I tested,
j'en ai testé un sur deux
I tested one in two.
et je ne vous dirai pas lequel.
And I won't tell you which one.
Mais on a tous compris.
But we all got it.
Non,
No,
mais bref,
But anyway,
je pense que...
I think...
Mais c'est le même truc.
But it's the same thing.
Qu'est-ce que tu penses
What do you think?
de la situation
Situation
dans Paris ?
in Paris?
J'ai lu tout un article,
I read a whole article,
ils les ont virés
They fired them.
des jardins des Halls
Gardens of the Halls
qui étaient juste à côté
who were right next door
de mon ancien chez moi.
from my old home.
Et il paraît que là,
And I hear there,
c'est la merde
It's shit.
et du coup,
And so,
j'ai lu tout un article
I read a whole article
où les mecs ont carrément
where the guys have totally
fait une milice
a militia
pour aller les tabasser,
to go and beat them,
en fait.
Actually.
Ouais,
Yeah,
ouais.
Yeah.
Ouais,
Yeah,
parce que ça va...
'Cause it's okay...
Ils sont à bout,
They're at the end,
j'ai l'impression.
I feel like it.
Il y avait plus ou moins
There was more or less
des Kaira qui...
Kaira who...
En gros,
Basically,
ils parlaient d'une bande
They were talking about a gang.
de jeunes qui parlaient fort.
young people who spoke loudly.
Je vois très bien
I see very well.
qui ça pouvait être
who it could be
dans la rue autour de ça.
on the street around that.
Et ces mecs-là,
And these guys,
ils étaient en train
They were on the train.
d'expliquer
explain
qu'ils devenaient
that they were becoming
qu'ils étaient passés
that they had passed
de Paria du quartier
Paria district
parce que tout le monde
because everyone
leur disait
they said
de fermer leur gueule
to shut their mouths
et d'arrêter de traîner dehors
and stop hanging out
à nouvelle milice
New Militia
parce qu'ils vont défoncer
'Cause they're gonna get high.
des Krakos.
Krakos.
Du coup,
So,
maintenant,
Now,
tout le monde est qui...
Everyone is who...
Du coup,
So,
les mecs les aiment.
Guys love them.
Ils ont envoyé
They sent
une armée
an army
de Kaira
of Kaira
qui traînent en bas
who hang out downstairs
des Kébaba
of Kebaba
à fumer des joints,
smoking joints,
défoncer les gars
Fucking guys.
plus chiants qu'eux.
More boring than them.
Donc,
So,
c'est shit versus Krak.
It's shit versus Krak.
En gros,
Basically,
mais c'est trop drôle
But it's so funny.
parce qu'effectivement...
Because indeed...
Quelle ville,
What a city,
quelle ville incroyable.
What an incredible city.
Mais...
But...
Et du coup...
And so...
Parce que j'ai vu
Because I saw
des riverains
residents
qui ont acheté des mortiers,
who bought mortars,
enfin,
Finally,
des feuilles d'artifice,
fireworks,
tu vois,
See,
et qui tirent sur les...
And shoot at the...
et qui tirent sur les mecs
And shoot at guys
et tout.
and everything.
Il y a deux trucs
There are two things.
que j'ai lu dans l'article
that I read in the article
qui m'ont fait marrer
who made me laugh
bien que pas drôle.
Although not funny.
En gros,
Basically,
ils expliquent
they explain
que les Krakos
as Krakos
viennent t'accoster
Come and accomodate you
pour te demander de l'argent
to ask for money
et en fait,
And in fact,
ils te jugent.
They judge you.
C'est à ce moment-là,
That's when,
ils essaient de voir
they're trying to see
si physiquement,
if physically,
t'es plus au point qu'eux
You're more than they are.
ou pas.
or not.
Et le mec disait
And the guy said
juste dans l'article,
just in the article,
bah si tu vois que non,
Well, if you see no,
cours.
Run.
C'est tout,
That's all.
t'as que ça à faire.
All you have to do.
Et il y a aussi
And there's also
un Kraket qui...
A Kraket who...
Enfin,
Finally,
il faut que ce soit
It has to be
un néo-Krakad alors
a neo-Krakad then
parce que les plus anciens,
because the oldest,
ils sont pas bien vaillants.
They're not very brave.
Ah oui,
Oh, yes.
c'est ça,
That's right,
mais c'est pour ça
But that's why
que justement...
that precisely...
Agressifs,
Aggressive,
mais pas forcément...
But not necessarily...
Ils jugent,
They judge,
mais effectivement,
but actually,
souvent,
often,
ils comprennent que
they understand that
même face à une vieille dame,
even in front of an old lady,
ils ont vraiment
They really have
un physique de merde.
Shit physics.
C'est pour ça
That's why.
qu'ils m'ont jamais fait peur.
They never scared me.
Effectivement,
Indeed,
j'en ai jamais vu un
I've never seen one.
assez agressif
Pretty aggressive
et assez costaud
and pretty big.
pour me faire flipper.
To freak me out.
Mais il y a un autre truc
But there's another thing.
qui me fait marrer,
which makes me laugh,
c'est qu'en gros,
It's basically,
ils appelaient les...
They called the...
qui l'ont bien mérité,
who deserve it,
c'est conne.
That's stupid.
Oui,
Yes,
bien sûr,
Of course,
mais ils parlaient
but they were talking
de certains kraken
of certain kraken
comme des poules
like chickens
parce qu'en fait,
because in fact,
en gros,
basically,
c'est des mecs
They're guys.
qui retournent
Returning
n'importe quel caillou
any rock
parce que dès qu'ils voient
because as soon as they see
un caillou blanc,
a white rock,
ils pensent que ça peut
They think it can.
être du crack.
Be crack.
Les autres les appellent
The others call them
les poules.
chickens.
Ils marchent
They're walking.
comme des ouf
as an egg
et tous les autres
and all others
ils se disent
they say
c'est juste inquiet,
It's just worried,
c'est juste de la merde,
It's just shit,
ok, d'accord.
Okay, okay.
Là,
There,
c'est affreux.
It's awful.
Il y avait un podcast,
There was a podcast,
je crois,
I think,
d'Arte,
of Arte,
il y a très longtemps,
A long time ago,
il y a plusieurs années.
Several years ago.
Cracopolis.
Et voilà,
There you go.
Cracopolis,
peut-être on en a déjà parlé
Maybe we've already talked about it.
ici.
Here.
On en a déjà parlé.
We've talked about it.
Mais ouais,
But yeah,
Cracopolis,
il y a un truc
There's something.
incroyable
amazing
dans ce qu'il raconte,
in what he says,
tu vois,
See,
d'organisation parallèle
of parallel organisation
de quasiment
of almost
une deuxième ville
a second city
dans la ville
city
sous terre
underground
avec ses codes.
with his codes.
Ah non,
Oh, no, no.
c'est fascinant.
It's fascinating.
L'ampleur de ça
The extent of this
est assez hallucinante.
is quite amazing.
Alors,
So,
est-ce que tu as des sujets ?
Do you have any subjects?
J'en ai plusieurs,
I have several,
des petits sujets.
small subjects.
Non,
No,
écoute,
Listen,
pas spécialement.
Not especially.
Des petits sujets.
Little subjects.
Alors,
So,
est-ce que tu as déjà eu ce truc
Have you ever had this thing?
de,
of,
tu entends une chanson
you hear a song
genre un peu de loin,
Like a little away,
genre,
Like,
tu es à l'arrière de la voiture,
You're in the back of the car,
tu comas,
you coma,
tu es tentant,
You're tempting,
un truc pas fort.
Something not strong.
Et ça te fait penser,
And that makes you think,
et ce que tu entends,
and what you hear,
en fait,
Actually,
ce n'est pas la vraie chanson.
It's not the real song.
Mais en fait,
But actually,
avec ton coma
with your coma
plus ce que tu entends vite fait,
Plus what you hear quickly does,
ça recrée une espèce
It recreates a species
de troisième chanson
of third song
qui n'est pas la vraie chanson,
which is not the real song,
en fait.
Actually.
et du coup,
And so,
tu vois ce que je veux dire ?
You know what I mean?
Après,
Then,
d'un coup,
suddenly,
ça remet fort
It's getting stronger.
et tu te dis,
And you think,
oh,
Oh,
mais ce n'est pas vraiment ça
But it's not really that.
que j'entends.
I hear.
Si tu t'es mis à l'héroïne,
If you've gone heroin,
on peut en parler aussi.
We can talk about it, too.
Bon,
All right,
ben,
Well,
je...
I...
Bon,
All right,
ben,
Well,
allons-y.
Let's go.
Alors,
So,
tu entends un morceau,
You hear a song,
mais tu es un peu endormi
But you're a little asleep.
ou tu es loin
or you're far away
et donc tu comprends
And so you understand
un autre morceau.
Another piece.
En fait,
Actually,
dans ta tête...
in your head...
Tu crois reconnaître
You think you recognize
un autre morceau ?
Another piece?
Non,
No,
ça ne fait pas un morceau
It's not a piece.
que tu connais.
you know.
C'est juste que tu entends une musique,
It's just that you hear music,
tu dis,
You say,
c'est sympa cette musique.
This music is nice.
Et en fait,
And actually,
c'est ton cerveau
It's your brain.
qui crée cette musique
who creates this music
par rapport au bruit
relative to noise
ou de ce que tu as.
Or what you have.
Et quand c'est plus fort,
And when it's stronger,
en fait,
Actually,
ce n'est pas exactement ça
It's not exactly that.
que tu entendais.
you heard.
Et moi,
And me,
ça m'est arrivé
It happened to me.
de me dire,
Tell me,
wow,
trop bien cette chanson.
Too good this song.
Ce n'était pas la chanson.
It wasn't the song.
Je pense que ça peut arriver
I think it can happen.
à d'autres.
To others.
Là,
There,
là,
j'avoue,
I confess,
j'avoue que
I admit that
pour peut-être la première fois
for perhaps the first time
de tout ce podcast,
of all this podcast,
tu m'as perdu.
You lost me.
Non,
No,
il y a eu un autre truc.
There was another thing.
Il y a eu deux,
There were two,
trois trucs comme ça
three things like that
dans le podcast
in the podcast
où je t'ai perdu.
where I lost you.
Il y avait le truc de ma meuf
There was my girl's thing.
avec les gens
with people
qui parlent comme Lilo et Stitch
who speak like Lilo and Stitch
que je n'ai jamais réussi à prouver.
that I never managed to prove.
Oui,
Yes,
mais alors que ça,
But then,
vu que tu n'as pas retrouvé,
since you haven't found it,
je pense que j'aurais pu comprendre.
I think I could have understood.
Tu vois,
See,
je me dis peut-être,
Maybe I'm thinking,
mais n'ayant pas vu Lilo et Stitch.
but not seeing Lilo and Stitch.
Il fallait bien que ça arrive.
It had to happen.
Moi,
Me,
ça m'est déjà arrivé
It happened to me before.
plusieurs fois dans ma vie.
Several times in my life.
Ça m'est re-arrivé
It happened to me again
il y a peu longtemps.
Not long ago.
D'accord.
Okay.
Et du coup,
And so,
est-ce que tu as un exemple concret ?
Do you have a concrete example?
Genre,
Like,
tu as entendu quoi ?
What did you hear?
Ça t'a fait penser à quoi ?
What did it make you think of?
Non,
No,
ça ne peut pas être concret.
It can't be concrete.
C'est juste que dans ta tête,
It's just in your head,
tu entends un morceau.
You hear a song.
Par contre,
However,
c'est dommage
That's too bad.
parce que tu te dis...
Because you think...
Genre,
Like,
tu ne le connais pas.
You don't know him.
Tu ne le connais pas,
You don't know him,
non.
No.
Tu ne connais pas.
You don't know.
C'est juste que ce que tu entends,
It's just what you hear,
ça fait un truc différent
That's a different thing.
de ce que c'est.
What it is.
Et oui,
And yes,
et tu te dis pas mal.
And you're not bad.
T'écoutes,
You're listening.
en fait,
Actually,
c'est de la merde.
It's shit.
C'est ça.
Right.
Mais du coup,
But then,
le troisième morceau,
the third piece,
celui que tu as créé
the one you created
dans ta tête,
in your head,
il n'existe pas.
He doesn't exist.
Il n'existera jamais.
It will never exist.
Il faudrait que tu le...
You should...
Oui,
Yes,
c'est super triste du coup.
It's really sad.
Et quand tu es un peu musicien
And when you're a little musician
comme on peut l'être,
as we can be,
du coup,
So,
je me dis...
I think...
Mais je suis sûr
But I'm sure
d'avoir entendu parler
for hearing about
un autre music.
Another music.
Du coup,
So,
il faudrait que tu le recrées.
You'd have to recreate it.
Que ce soit Cobain
Let it be Cobain
ou peut-être un mec
Or maybe a guy.
de Pink Floyd,
Pink Floyd,
je suis sûr que c'est un truc
I'm sure it's something.
dont d'autres musiciens ont parlé.
of which other musicians have spoken.
Voilà.
There.
Bon,
All right,
bref.
Anyway.
D'accord.
Okay.
Je n'ai pas du tout
I don't have it at all
vécu cette expérience.
experienced this experience.
Si j'ai compris,
If I get it,
mais je ne l'ai pas du tout vécu.
But I didn't experience it at all.
Voilà.
There.
Si c'est arrivé à d'autres gens,
If it happened to other people,
sinon,
If not,
on va aller vous faire foutre.
We're gonna fuck you.
Effectivement.
Indeed.
Ouais,
Yeah,
voilà.
There.
Non,
No,
mais attends,
but wait,
tous les coups,
every shot,
tu ne peux pas non plus
You can't either.
tomber juste à chaque fois.
Just fall every time.
Est-ce que ça ne t'énerve pas
Don't you get mad?
dans la vie ?
in life?
Mais je crois qu'on en a déjà parlé aussi,
But I think we've already talked about it, too,
mais en fait,
But actually,
ça revient tout le temps
It comes back all the time
dans ma vie.
in my life.
Je ne supporte plus l'argument
I can't stand the argument anymore.
de quand quelqu'un dit un truc
When someone says something
qui peut être vrai,
which can be true,
les gens,
people,
au lieu de lui dire
instead of telling him
que ce n'est pas vrai,
that this is not true,
en fait,
Actually,
les gens ne discutent pas l'argument,
People don't discuss the argument,
mais la personne qui le dit,
But the person who says it,
en disant,
saying,
tu ne peux pas me dire ça.
You can't tell me that.
Oh,
ben lui,
Well, him,
il fait bien de nous dire ça
He's good to tell us that.
alors qu'il a fait ça.
While he did that.
Et en fait,
And actually,
ça m'agace trop.
I'm so upset.
Par exemple,
For example,
je ne sais pas.
I don't know.
Oui,
Yes,
c'est une des techniques de rhétorique
It's one of the rhetorical techniques.
pour ne pas rentrer dans un débat
not to get into a debate
quand tu sais que tu es foutu.
When you know you're screwed.
Ouais,
Yeah,
non,
No,
mais même pas.
But not even.
En fait,
Actually,
pour de vrai,
for real,
on a du mal à genre,
We're having trouble, like,
Hitler viendrait t'expliquer,
Hitler would come and explain,
oh,
Oh,
ben,
Well,
sois plus sympa avec ta mère.
Be nicer to your mother.
Hitler.
Ça va,
It's okay.
va te faire encler.
You're going to get locked up.
Oui,
Yes,
alors qu'il aurait raison.
when he'd be right.
Oui,
Yes,
mais tu n'aimes pas recevoir des leçons.
But you don't like receiving lessons.
Je comprends.
I get it.
Tu n'aimes pas recevoir des leçons.
You don't like receiving lessons.
Donc,
So,
tu te dis,
You're thinking,
pour que je puisse recevoir une leçon,
so that I may receive a lesson,
il faudrait que ce soit
It should be
de la part d'une personne irréprochable,
from an irreproachable person,
parfaite,
Perfect,
qui n'a rien à se reprocher.
who has nothing to blame.
Ce qui est con,
What's stupid,
parce que personne n'est ça refait.
Because nobody's doing it again.
C'est ce que je sens un peu
That's what I feel a little bit
avec mon vieux Macrot,
with my old Macrot,
c'est qu'à mon avis,
That's what I think,
il y a des gens là
There are people there.
qui le détestent tellement
who hate him so much
qu'ils sont incapables de voir
they are unable to see
que par exemple,
for example,
le vaccin,
vaccine,
c'est plus un truc cool
It's not a cool thing anymore.
qu'un truc pas cool.
Something not cool.
Oui,
Yes,
mais ça,
But this,
depuis le début de la crise sanitaire,
since the beginning of the health crisis,
il y a eu des choses comme ça.
There were things like that.
Même s'ils ont géré
Even though they managed
n'importe comment au début le masque,
Any way at first the mask,
il y a des amis de ma mère
There are friends of my mother
qui refusent
who refuse
de mettre le masque
to put on the mask
même quand ils vont voir
even when they're going to see
leurs grands-parents
their grandparents
ou quoi,
or what,
parce que
because
on n'est pas les chiens-chiens
We're not dog dogs.
à micron.
Micron.
et tu leur dis
and you tell them
mais ce n'est pas pour Macron
But it's not for Macron.
que tu vas mettre un masque.
You're gonna put on a mask.
Oui,
Yes,
mais ils ont l'impression
but they have the impression
de faire.
to do.
Ce n'est pas ça.
That's not it.
Ils ont l'impression
They feel like
de faire une concession
to make a concession
à Macron.
Macron.
Ce qui n'est pas le cas.
Which is not the case.
Non,
No,
c'est ça.
That's right.
C'est bizarre ce truc
This thing is weird.
d'arriver à un tel point
to reach such a point
de haine
Hate
que non,
that no,
on ne fera pas ce qu'il a dit
We won't do what he said.
Microt.
Mais alors après,
But then,
ça nous emmène quand même
It still takes us.
au vrai sujet urbain.
the real urban subject.
qu'est-ce que ça te fait
What do you care?
de te réveiller
to wake you up
ce matin en dictature ?
This morning in a dictatorship?
Comme j'ai toujours dit,
Like I always said,
moi je suis,
I am,
et je pense que c'est
and I think it's
la plupart des gens
most people
mais ils ne veulent pas
but they don't want
se l'avouer.
Admit it.
Tout le monde,
Everybody,
je pense,
I think,
est en fait pour la dictature.
is actually for dictatorship.
Ils ont juste peur
They're just scared.
que la dictature
the dictatorship
ne soit pas des gars
Don't be guys.
en place
in place
qui pensent ce qu'ils pensent.
who think what they think.
Mais je pense que
But I think
plein de gens,
Lots of people,
si on leur dit
if we tell them
bon,
All right,
t'es quelle couleur politique toi ?
What kind of political color are you?
Bon,
All right,
ces gars-là,
These guys,
c'est toujours eux
It's always them.
qui géreront le business.
who will manage the business.
Toujours.
Always.
Et je pense qu'il y a
And I think there's
plein de gens
Lots of people
qui n'aiment pas
who do not like
la démocratie,
democracy,
ils aiment le
They like it.
bon,
All right,
si c'est un gars
if it's a guy
que je n'aime pas,
that I don't like,
un jour peut-être
Maybe one day
j'aurai le droit
I'll have the right.
de foutre un gars
Fucking a guy
que j'aime bien.
I like it.
Mais ils ne sont pas
But they're not
attachés fondamentalement
Fundamentally attached
aux valeurs de la démocratie,
values of democracy,
celles qui disent
those who say
que même si ton gars,
even if your guy,
tu le kiffes trop,
You're kicking him too much,
dans 5 ans,
In five years,
il dégage de toute façon.
He's off anyway.
Et d'ailleurs,
And besides,
il ne peut même pas
He can't even
se représenter.
represent each other.
Je ne suis pas sûr
I'm not sure.
que les gens soient...
That people are...
Il y a une différence
There's a difference
entre avoir
between having
la personne
the person
que tu soutiens
that you support
politiquement
Political
au pouvoir
in power
et ce qu'ils sont
And what they are
en train
by train
aujourd'hui
Today
de déclarer
to report
en disant
saying
c'est une dictature,
It's a dictatorship,
à savoir,
that is,
tu vois,
See,
on est sur quelque chose
We're on something.
de plus coercitif
more coercive
et autoritaire.
and authoritarian.
Mais c'est génial.
But that's great.
C'est...
That's...
Le mec...
The guy...
C'est assez plaisant.
It's pretty pleasant.
Non mais il y a eu
No, but there was
une bascule, non ?
A rocker, right?
Moi, j'adore.
I love it.
J'ai quand même l'impression
I still feel
qu'il y a eu une bascule
that there was a rocking
après son discours.
After his speech.
Ça a enterriné,
It was buried,
tu vois,
See,
le discours complotiste
the conspiracyist discourse
que les gens avaient
that people had
ou antivax.
or antivax.
Mais en fait, tu sais quoi ?
But actually, you know what?
Ça l'a tué.
It killed him.
On s'est vraiment rendu compte
We really realized
qu'ils sont vraiment peu...
That they are really little...
Moi, j'ai une petite passion
I have a little passion.
pour tous les gens
for all people
qui sont, du coup,
which are, therefore,
allés se faire vacciner
went to get vaccinated
sur Doctolib
on Doctolib
parce que eux,
because they,
je ne les respecte vraiment pas.
I really don't respect them.
Autant les antivax,
So much the antivax,
je ne suis pas d'accord
I disagree
avec eux.
with them.
Ils tiennent un peu leur ligne, quoi.
They're holding up a little bit.
Mais ils ont des convictions.
But they have convictions.
Mais ceux qui...
But those who...
Oh non !
Oh, no!
Ah oui, le rosé !
Oh yes, the rosé!
En terrasse !
On the terrace!
Ouais, je...
Yeah, I...
D'accord.
Okay.
Non, non, mais dans ce cas,
No, no, but in this case,
je vais le faire.
I'll do it.
Et c'est assez ouf.
And that's pretty cool.
C'est exactement ça.
That's exactly it.
Et c'est, à la limite,
And that's, on the limit,
une grande partie des gens
many people
qui l'ont élu il y a 5 ans,
who elected him five years ago,
c'est des gens sans conviction,
They're people without conviction,
tu vois.
See.
Qui sont dans la réaction,
Who are in reaction,
sur la forme,
on form,
sur l'esthétique presque
on almost aesthetics
de ce jeune candidat
of this young candidate
un peu cool
A little cool.
et qui sont superficielles.
and are superficial.
Mais là, c'était hallucinant.
But that was amazing.
C'est-à-dire qu'une fois
That is, once
que tu as écrémé
that you skimmed
le nombre de personnes
the number of persons
qui ont fait tomber Doctolib
who dropped Doctolib
en se disant
by saying
« Ah oui, mais alors par contre,
"Oh yes, but then,
ok, mais moi,
Okay, but me,
je veux partir en vacances
I want to go on vacation
et je veux aller au bar,
And I want to go to the bar,
et machin »,
and what,
il reste un noyau dur
a hard core remains
qui est incroyable.
which is incredible.
Incroyable.
Unbelievable.
On a parlé de Kim Glow
We talked about Kim Glow.
il y a quelques temps
a while ago
quand on était en confinement,
When we were in confinement,
qui doit être une abrutie
which must be an abrutic
sortie de télé-réalité,
reality TV outlet,
mais qui est débile
But who's stupid
et qui poste
posts
des dizaines de vidéos,
dozens of videos,
de stories.
Stories.
Et ça y est,
And that's it,
on est sûr,
We're sure,
je vais vendre ma maison,
I'm gonna sell my house,
je vais quitter la France,
I'm leaving France,
on est en dictature.
We're in dictatorship.
Moi, j'adore.
I love it.
Franchement, j'adore.
Honestly, I love it.
La petite radicalisation,
Little radicalization,
là encore,
Again,
elle est fascinante à regarder.
She's fascinating to look at.
Moi, j'adore que ce soit
I love it.
Philippot et ses manifs,
Philippot and his manifes,
quatre mecs,
Four guys,
qui...
who...
Un incroyable.
Incredible.
Non, mais c'est génial.
No, but that's great.
C'est génial parce que là,
That's great because right now,
on en est au point
We're at the point.
où vraiment,
where really,
ils n'ont plus
they no longer have
un gars crédible.
A credible guy.
c'est-à-dire
i.e.
Bigard,
Philippot,
Lalanne.
Il n'y a que
There's only
Jean-Luc
qui dérape un peu
that slips a little
là-dessus,
on that,
mais il n'a pas trop compris
but he didn't understand too much.
qu'à mon avis,
that in my opinion,
dans les gens...
in people...
Il est discret en ce moment,
He's quiet right now,
non ?
No?
J'ai l'impression qu'on n'en compte pas trop.
I feel like we're not counting too much.
Il est obligé
He has to
parce qu'en fait,
because in fact,
il aimerait...
He'd like...
Pareil,
Same,
lui,
he,
c'est un
it's a
anti-Macrot chevronné,
experienced anti-Macrot,
donc il ne peut pas...
So he can't...
Il ne veut pas perdre des points
He doesn't want to lose points
disant qu'il est d'accord.
Saying he's okay.
Il sait qu'il perdrait des gars.
He knows he'd lose guys.
Mais en même temps,
But at the same time,
il n'est pas con,
He's not stupid,
je pense.
I think so.
Parce qu'on a failli le perdre
Because we almost lost him.
à un moment quand même.
At some point anyway.
Tu sais,
You know,
il a évoqué de manière
he spoke in a way
très maladroite,
very clumsy,
disons,
Say,
le fait qu'avant les élections,
the fact that before the elections,
il y aurait des attentats
There would be attacks
qui seraient instrumentalisés.
which would be instrumentalized.
Et sa manière de le dire,
And his way of saying it,
c'était que c'était
It was that it was
des faux attentats,
fake attacks,
tu sais,
You know,
des fels flaks.
Fels flaks.
Non,
No,
mais il a été particulièrement...
But he was especially...
Alors que c'est un discours,
While it's a speech,
tu vois,
See,
bien expliqué,
Well explained,
qui s'entend
which is understood
sur l'instrumentalisation
on instrumentalisation
de ce qui se passe
of what is happening
avant chaque élection.
before each election.
C'est intéressant.
That's interesting.
Oui,
Yes,
sauf que lui,
Except him,
il sous-entendait
he implied
que c'était fait pour ça.
It was made for that.
En vrai,
Actually,
mon JL,
my JL,
je l'aime bien,
I like him,
mais il ne veut pas
but he doesn't want to
trop le dire
Too much to say
parce que ça va le baiser.
'Cause it's gonna fuck him.
Mais il est complot.
But he's a conspiracy.
Là,
There,
ce qu'il a lâché,
what he gave up,
c'était un petit bout
It was a little bit.
de ce qu'il pensait.
What he thought.
Je pense qu'on est encore
I think we're still
qu'au début
Only at the beginning
de ce vers quoi
from this to what
il peut glisser.
He can slide.
Et sur la manière
And the way
dont les médias le traitent,
whose media treat him,
et c'est vrai
And it's true
qu'ils ne sont pas toujours
they're not always
cools avec lui,
cool with him,
notamment quand il commence
especially when it starts
à augmenter dans les sondages.
increase in surveys.
Mais il est complot.
But he's a conspiracy.
Franchement,
Honestly,
c'est peut-être mon...
Maybe it's my...
On n'a vu que le début,
We only saw the beginning,
quoi.
What.
Oui.
Yes.
Mais,
But,
ouais,
Yeah,
bon,
All right,
bref,
Anyway,
on ne va pas parler de...
We're not gonna talk about...
On arrête la politique.
We stop politics.
On arrête les politiques.
Alors,
So,
qu'est-ce que j'ai comme autre sujet ?
What else do I have?
J'avais noté des petits trucs.
I wrote down some things.
Bon,
All right,
j'avais juillet en novembre,
I had July in November,
mais ça,
But this,
c'était il y a une semaine.
It was a week ago.
Et là,
And there,
c'est déjà une blague sur Twitter,
It's already a Twitter joke,
le fait que ça soit
the fact that it is
une blague de merde.
A shitty joke.
Donc,
So,
j'arrête.
I'm done.
Ouais,
Yeah,
parce que ça a beaucoup,
Because it has a lot,
beaucoup tourné.
A lot of it.
Voilà.
There.
C'était quand même...
It was still...
C'était super drôle.
That was really funny.
Il y a une semaine
A week ago
quand je l'ai noté,
when I wrote it down,
c'était super drôle.
It was great fun.
Mais,
But,
mais c'est vrai que là,
But it's true that there,
on est déjà passé...
We've already been by...
Parce que c'est...
Because it's...
Mais en même temps,
But at the same time,
totalement vrai.
Totally true.
Là,
There,
on est vraiment...
We really are...
Bon,
All right,
on ne peut pas être plus...
We can't be more...
Non,
No,
non,
mais écoute,
But listen,
passons.
Come on.
Si on dit que c'est trop tard,
If they say it's too late,
trop tard pour cette vanne,
too late for this valve,
OK.
Okay.
Ouais,
Yeah,
c'est même pas une vanne.
It's not even a valve.
C'est un vrai constat,
It's a real fact,
quoi.
What.
Vraiment,
Really,
il fait froid,
It's cold,
il fait gris,
it's gray,
c'est nul.
It sucks.
Après,
Then,
c'est peut-être qu'à Paris,
Maybe in Paris,
je l'ai vu dans le sud,
I saw him in the south,
ça allait,
I was fine.
en fait.
Actually.
Oui,
Yes,
c'est ça,
That's right,
c'est chez nous,
This is our home,
mais avec notre petit réflexe parisiano-centré.
But with our little parisiano-centered reflex.
Bien sûr,
Of course,
de merde,
Shit,
de merde.
Shit.
De connard,
Asshole,
de connard.
Asshole.
Voilà,
There you go.
de connard.
Asshole.
On fait le bien.
We do good.
Voilà.
There.
Alors,
So,
c'est marrant.
It's funny.
Vas-y,
Go ahead.
pendant que tu cherches,
while you're looking,
tu vas faire un petit jeu.
You're gonna play a little game.
Si,
Yes,
si,
j'ai,
I have,
ah merde,
Fuck,
c'est con,
That's stupid.
il faudrait que je retélécharge l'appli,
I'd have to reload the app,
parce que j'avais acheté la version gratuite de Sleep Talk.
because I bought the free version of Sleep Talk.
Ah,
et,
and,
ça marche avec l'application gratuite.
It works with the free app.
Non,
No,
oui,
Yes,
mais,
but,
il a fallu que je paye,
I had to pay,
parce que,
because,
en fait,
Actually,
ça marche,
It works,
ça ne t'entend juste que trois heures.
It can only hear you three hours.
Et après,
And then,
j'ai,
I have,
non,
No,
en fait,
Actually,
non,
No,
en fait,
Actually,
non,
No,
en fait,
Actually,
non.
No.
Si,
Yes,
si,
après,
then,
il faut débloquer.
We have to unlock.
Je l'ai fait.
I did.
Non,
No,
non,
en gros,
basically,
si tu effaces ceux qui ne servent à rien,
If you erase those who are useless,
les silences,
silences,
les moments où tu as juste lâché une caisse ou ronflé,
the times you just dropped a box or snored,
ça te remet ceux d'après,
It gives you the next ones,
ça te les remonte,
It makes you feel better.
et tu peux avoir tous les trucs intéressants dans la version gratuite.
And you can have all the interesting stuff in the free version.
Bref,
Anyway,
je t'explique.
I'll explain.
En tout cas,
Anyway,
les trois jours où je l'ai eu,
the three days I got it,
j'ai oublié de m'enregistrer,
I forgot to register,
mais ce que je voulais te montrer,
But what I wanted to show you,
et que j'aurais voulu balancer,
and that I would have wanted to throw,
mais d'ailleurs,
But by the way,
toi,
You,
tu pourrais peut-être le faire si là,
Maybe you could do it if there,
tu prenais la version,
You took the version,
si tu payais juste,
If you just paid,
et que tout de suite,
and that immediately,
tu te désabonnais,
You were disobedient,
parce que tu as trois jours gratuits,
Because you have three free days,
donc tu ne paierais pas,
So you wouldn't pay,
c'est qu'il y a les best-of,
It's the best-of,
et ils sont incroyables,
and they are incredible,
c'est que dans anglophone,
It's just in English,
mais vraiment,
But really,
déjà,
already,
il y a les plus gros prouts du monde,
There are the biggest prouts in the world,
vraiment,
Really,
j'ai passé une heure,
I spent an hour,
pour ceux qui savent pas ce que c'est Slip Talk,
For those who don't know what Slip Talk is,
c'est une appli,
It's an app,
on en a déjà parlé,
We've already talked about it,
où des gens,
where people,
enfin,
Finally,
tu mets ton téléphone,
You put on your phone,
ça enregistre ta nuit,
It records your night,
et dès que ça fait du bruit,
And as soon as it makes noise,
ça capte,
It captures,
du coup,
So,
tu as tous les moments où tu parles,
You have every moment you talk,
où tu bouges,
where you move,
et du coup,
And so,
là,
There,
il y avait les meilleurs,
There were the best,
encore anglophones,
English speaking,
mais les gens peuvent voter,
But people can vote,
donc tu as les gens qui parlent dans leur sommeil,
So you have people who talk in their sleep,
qui pètent un câble,
who break a cable,
et franchement,
And frankly,
dans le top 10,
in top 10,
c'est à peu près que des proutes,
It's pretty much just rough,
et genre,
and gender,
la meuf d'un côté qui hurle que c'est un connard,
The girl on one side screaming that he's an asshole,
mais,
but,
c'est férocement drôle,
It's fiercely funny,
vraiment,
Really,
si tu peux,
If you can,
là,
There,
prendre l'appli,
take the app,
bah écoute,
Look,
moi,
Me,
j'avais suivi,
I followed,
j'avais suivi une meuf sur Twitter,
I followed a girl on Twitter,
c'était peut-être pas la même appli,
Maybe it wasn't the same app,
mais qui partageait ça,
But who shared this,
qui parle beaucoup dans son sommeil,
who speaks much in his sleep,
et c'est vrai que c'est incroyable,
And it's true that it's amazing,
alors,
So,
je crois que je l'ai là,
I think I have it here,
parce qu'il y a un onglet,
Because there's a tab,
best of,
en fait,
Actually,
et les gens votent,
And people vote,
en fait,
Actually,
ouais,
Yeah,
c'est ça,
That's right,
et,
and,
on fera sur le prochain épisode,
We'll do on the next episode,
je regarderai,
I'll look,
mais,
but,
ouais,
Yeah,
il y a du très,
There's something very,
très,
Very,
très lourd,
very heavy,
c'est,
That's,
alors,
So,
moi,
Me,
c'était très chiant,
It was very boring,
je l'ai fait trois nuits,
I did it three nights,
ah,
voilà,
There you go.
trois,
three,
quatre nuits,
four nights,
rien,
Nothing,
bah,
Yeah,
rien,
Nothing,
vraiment rien,
really nothing,
vraiment juste des bruits de draps,
really just bed linen sounds,
des bruits d'oreillers qui se retournent,
sounds of turning pillows,
mais c'est ça,
But that's it,
mais c'est,
But it's,
à mon avis,
In my opinion,
je n'ai pas dit un mot de la nuit,
I didn't say a word of the night,
jamais,
Never,
quoi,
What,
putain,
Fuck,
moi,
Me,
ça me ferait peur,
It would scare me.
quand même,
Still,
ça me ferait peur,
It would scare me.
de quoi,
Of course,
de parler la nuit ?
Talking at night?
Euh,
Uh,
ouais,
Yeah,
d'écouter ce que j'ai dit,
to listen to what I said,
et tout,
and all,
bah,
Yeah,
tu devrais faire,
You should do,
tu crois que tu parles ?
You think you're talking?
Ah,
oui,
Yes,
voilà,
There you go.
c'est ça,
That's right,
attends,
Wait,
j'ai retrouvé une vidéo,
I found a video,
où le mec a des meilleurs,
where the guy has the best,
je regarde si c'est des bons,
I see if they're good,
bon,
All right,
écoute,
Listen,
on va,
Let's go,
c'est le plus connu,
It's the best known,
c'est un mec qui dit,
A guy says,
I hate this giraffe,
it always wants to bite you,
it always wants to dick you,
en pleurant,
crying,
et,
and,
il est intéressant,
It's interesting,
tu écoutes ce que j'ai dit,
You listen to what I said,
oh,
Oh,
I hate it,
stupid giraffe,
Stupid giraffe,
oh,
Oh,
I hate that stupid giraffe,
I hate that giraffe,
I always wants to bite you,
I always want to dick you,
t'imagines comme il est deep dans son rêve,
imagine how deep he is in his dream,
ce mec,
This guy,
le mec ne sera,
The guy won't be,
n'aura jamais,
will never,
ne sera jamais marié,
will never be married,
quoi,
What,
le mec a,
the guy has,
bah là,
Well,
on entend sa femme à côté,
We hear his wife next door,
qui lui dit,
who tells him,
il n'y a pas de giraffe,
There is no giraffe,
ah,
il a quelqu'un avec lui,
He has someone with him,
mais,
but,
t'as vu,
You saw,
comme il pleure,
as he cries,
genre,
Like,
il pleure dans son son,
He cries in his sound,
oh,
Oh,
I hate that fucking joke,
c'est la vérité,
It's the truth,
tu vois,
See,
donc,
So,
c'est un truc de ouf,
It's a shit thing,
donc,
So,
ouais,
Yeah,
il ne faut pas commencer à lâcher des doses,
Do not start dropping doses,
dans son sommeil,
in his sleep,
c'est relou,
It's new,
ouais,
Yeah,
ça peut devenir,
It can become,
ouais,
Yeah,
bah,
écoute,
Listen,
moi,
Me,
je ne parle pas,
I'm not talking,
je sais que ma meuf,
I know my girl,
deux,
two,
trois fois,
three times,
elle m'a fait un peu peur,
She scared me a little,
quoi,
What,
genre,
Like,
je me souviens d'une fois,
I remember once,
où elle a hurlé,
where she screamed,
non,
No,
pas dans le maïs,
Not in corn,
il ne faut pas aller dans le maïs,
Don't go into corn,
je me suis dit,
I thought,
putain,
Fuck,
mais,
but,
est-ce qu'il y a des tueurs,
Are there any killers,
est-ce que c'est une moissonneuse,
is she a harvester,
est-ce que,
Do you,
ça est des proutes,
It's rough,
c'est vraiment que ça l'applique,
It really applies,
ouais,
Yeah,
mais,
but,
mais j'aime bien,
But I like it,
moi,
Me,
ça me fascine,
It fascinates me,
je t'avoue que tout ce qui est somnambulisme,
I confess that everything that is sleepwalking,
les trucs inconscients que tu fais comme ça,
the unconscious stuff you do like that,
tu sais,
You know,
moi,
Me,
je me souviens quand j'étais ado,
I remember when I was a teenager,
j'ai eu des petites faces bizarres,
I had strange little faces,
tu vois,
See,
comme ça,
Like this,
et,
and,
et j'en parlais souvent avec des potes,
and I often talked about it with friends,
et du coup,
And so,
je ne sais pas si c'est un truc lié à l'adolescence,
I don't know if it's a teenage thing,
mais,
but,
par exemple,
for example,
moi,
Me,
j'ai très clairement commencé un livre un soir,
I clearly started a book one night,
et le lendemain matin,
and the next morning,
en me réveillant,
when I wake up,
il était fini,
It was over,
tu vois,
See,
le marque-page était fini,
the pagemark was over,
j'avais tout lu,
I read everything,
et j'avais lu ça,
and I read that,
je n'en ai aucun souvenir,
I don't remember,
mais je connaissais l'histoire,
But I knew the story,
je connaissais le truc,
I knew the thing,
et j'en ai parlé à pas mal de potes,
And I told a lot of friends,
et je me souviens d'une meuf qui m'avait raconté qu'elle,
And I remember a girl who told me that she,
elle s'était réveillée intégralement recouverte de petits morceaux de scotch,
She woke up completely covered in small pieces of scotch,
et elle avait découpé du scotch,
and she had cut out scotch,
et elle s'était foutue sur les bras et partout,
And she had fucked herself on her arms and everywhere,
quoi,
What,
et je ne sais pas,
and I don't know,
je trouve ça assez facilement,
I think it's pretty easy,
j'avoue qu'il y a un petit mystère là-dedans.
I admit there's a little mystery in there.
Et le truc où on a du,
And the thing we had to,
blanc qui colle là,
white that sticks there,
partout sur le...
All over the...
Bien sûr,
Of course,
bien sûr,
tu veux en parler ?
You want to talk about it?
Non,
No,
mais c'est parce que je m'étais branlé,
But that's because I'd jerked off,
je m'en souviens très bien en plus,
I remember very well more,
parce que je pensais à toi,
Because I was thinking about you,
donc moi je m'en souviens très bien,
So I remember it very well,
pardon.
I'm sorry.
Well,
it's been like 50 minutes,
so what's the next subject ?
So what's the next subject?
Non,
No,
ça fait combien de temps ?
How long has it been?
Je ne sais pas,
I don't know,
40 je dirais ?
40 would I say?
36,
ça va,
It's okay,
tu m'as fait peur,
You scared me,
50 minutes.
On s'excuse d'ailleurs pour nos non-anglophones,
We apologize for our non-English speakers,
parce que nos accents sont tellement bons,
Because our accents are so good,
qu'à mon avis,
that in my opinion,
ils n'ont rien compris les mecs.
They didn't understand the guys.
Est-ce qu'on peut avoir du sous-titrage podcast ?
Can we get some podcast captioning?
Je ne sais pas.
I don't know.
Comment ils vont faire,
How they're gonna do it,
les non-anglophones ?
Non-English speakers?
Je ne sais pas du tout.
I don't know at all.
Écoute,
Look,
ils ont avancé pour voir jusqu'où on a tenu la blague.
They moved on to see how far we kept the joke.
Attaque du maillot jaune,
Attack on the yellow jersey,
voilà,
There you go.
je te le dis,
I'm telling you,
peut-être que tu ne regardes pas,
Maybe you're not looking,
mais là je te le dis,
But now I'm telling you,
Attaque du maillot jaune.
Attack the yellow jersey.
Tour de France,
je n'y arriverai jamais.
I'll never make it.
Ah,
ça t'a intéressé une année,
You were interested in a year,
il y a 2-3 ans quand même.
2-3 years ago anyway.
Il faudrait vraiment qu'il y ait un français qui a eu le moins.
There really should be a Frenchman who had the least.
Avec Alpha Philippe,
With Alpha Philippe,
c'est vrai que tu étais assez,
It's true you were enough,
quand même,
Still,
ça t'a un peu intrigué cette affaire.
You got a little intrigued by this case.
J'ai voulu faire,
I wanted to do,
si,
Yes,
alors si,
then yes,
je voulais te faire un petit jeu,
I wanted to play you a little game,
mais malheureusement,
But unfortunately,
j'avais tout préparé,
I had everything prepared,
tous mes onglets,
all my tabs,
puis j'ai tout fermé,
Then I closed everything,
puis j'ai eu la flemme de les rouvrir.
Then I had the flummy to reopen them.
Yes.
Je voulais te lire des commentaires YouTube,
I wanted to read you YouTube comments,
et que tu me dises de quelle vidéo c'était sortie.
And tell me what video it was out of.
Ah merde,
Damn it,
j'aurais adoré.
I would have loved it.
Et ça me fait chier,
And it pisses me off,
parce que,
because,
bon,
All right,
j'en ai plus qu'un d'ouvert,
I have more than one open,
et le commentaire que j'avais sélectionné,
and the comment I had selected,
c'est,
That's,
perso,
personal,
j'ai 16 ans,
I'm 16,
je suis un jeune de cité,
I'm a city boy,
mais j'aime bien,
But I like it,
ça me fait voyage.
It's a trip.
Ok,
Okay,
ok,
donc c'était une chanson française de merde.
So it was a French song of shit.
C'était que de la musique.
It was just music.
Ok,
Okay,
donc c'est une chanson française de merde.
So it's a French shit song.
Est-ce que c'est voyage-voyage,
Is it travel-travel,
tout simplement ?
Simply?
Non,
No,
c'est plus vieux.
It's older.
Est-ce que c'est emmener-moi d'Aznavour ?
Is that taking me from Aznavour?
Presque.
Almost.
Est-ce ?
Is it?
Presque.
Almost.
Est-ce que c'est...
Is that...
Enfin,
Finally,
c'est Aznavour,
It's Aznavour,
mais c'est pas emmener-moi.
But it's not taking me.
Est-ce que c'est la bohème ?
Is that bohemian?
C'est la bohème,
It's bohemian,
putain !
Fuck!
Yes.
Vache.
Cow.
Mais parce qu'en fait,
But because in fact,
je suis...
I'm...
Mais d'où ça sort ?
Where did it come from?
Je suis...
I'm...
Parce que mon gars,
Because my boy,
j'ai lu tous les commentaires de YouTube.
I've read all the YouTube comments.
Je fais ça la nuit en me mettant des bouts de scotch.
I do this at night by putting on scotch.
Incroyable.
Unbelievable.
Aujourd'hui,
Today,
pour moi,
For me,
ce morceau a du sens.
That piece makes sense.
Au revoir mon gros sac.
Goodbye, my big bag.
Est-ce que c'est mon vieux de Daniel Guichard ?
Is that my old Daniel Guichard?
Non.
No.
Au revoir mon gros sac.
Goodbye, my big bag.
Avec un smiley triste.
With a sad smiley.
Est-ce que c'est mon gros ?
Is that my fat one?
De Daniel Guichard,
From Daniel Guichard,
qu'on connaît moins sur Super Obèse.
We know less about Super Obese.
Mon gros.
Big guy.
Il n'arrivait pas à se lever.
He couldn't get up.
Il y avait toujours des pâtes de foie.
There was always liver pasta.
Et parfois au petit déjeuner,
And sometimes at breakfast,
mon gros.
Fatty.
Non ?
No?
Donc,
So,
c'est encore une chanson française.
It's still a French song.
Ce morceau a du sens.
This piece makes sense.
Que des morceaux français.
All French songs.
Au revoir mon gros sac.
Goodbye, my big bag.
Est-ce que c'est un morceau sur la mort ?
Is that a death song?
Oui.
Yes.
Mais pas d'un être humain.
But not a human being.
Le petit chat est mort ?
Is the little cat dead?
De Renaud.
From Renaud.
Exactement.
Exactly.
Putain,
Fuck,
t'es pas mal sur ce jeu.
You're pretty good at this game.
Vas-y.
Go on.
J'ai deux mémoires.
I have two memories.
Je continue.
I'm going on.
Parce que parfois,
Because sometimes,
c'est un peu...
It's a little...
Parfois,
Sometimes,
c'est trop triste.
It's too sad.
C'est pour ça que je ne suis même pas allé voir
That's why I didn't even go to see
mon vieux de Guichard.
old Guichard.
Parce que...
Because...
Et c'est ceux qui me font rire.
And those are the ones that make me laugh.
C'est ceux qui sont...
These are the ones who are...
Parce que je trouve ça
Because I find this
tellement marrant.
So funny.
Les gens qui se disent
People who say
on va aller sur YouTube
We're gonna go on YouTube.
et dire que le petit...
And to say that the little...
C'est l'anniversaire de la mort de ma chambre.
It's the anniversary of my room's death.
Enfin,
Finally,
un moment...
For a moment...
Alors...
So...
Un peu facile.
A little easy.
Dominique.
Je suis du sud du Languedoc.
I'm from southern Languedoc.
Mais présentement,
But now,
quand j'écoute cette chanson,
When I listen to this song,
j'ai le cœur serré
my heart is tight
et l'émotion m'envahit.
And emotion invades me.
Ma femme partie là-haut
My wife's going up there.
était d'ici
was from here
quand je l'ai connue.
When I met her.
Smiley émojique.
Smiley emotional.
Alors,
So,
c'est...
It's...
C'est...
That's...
Les charons.
The chariots.
Les corons.
Corons.
Les corons de Pierre Bachelet.
The horns of Pierre Bachelet.
Yes.
C'est ça.
Right.
Oui, évidemment.
Yes, of course.
Non, mais c'est incroyable.
No, but it's amazing.
T'as peut-être un super pouvoir.
Maybe you have a great power.
Il y a peut-être un talent que...
Maybe there's a talent that...
Peut-être un super pouvoir.
Maybe a great power.
Non, mais là,
No, but here,
c'était facile
it was easy
parce que j'allais dire le sud
because I was going to say the south
et puis non.
And then no.
En fait,
Actually,
c'est juste que
It's just that
les standards de chansons françaises de merde,
the standards of French crap songs,
t'as une chanson par sujet.
You have a song by subject.
La chanson française,
The French song,
voilà.
There.
Le Petit Chéri Morph,
The Little Baby Morph,
c'est la seule sur les morts d'animaux.
It's the only one on animal deaths.
Il n'y a qu'une chanson
There's only one song
sur le Nord de la France.
on the North of France.
Quand même, quand même,
Still, still,
quand même, quand même.
Still, still.
Il n'y a qu'une chanson.
There's only one song.
C'était pas du playback.
It wasn't playback.
Aujourd'hui,
Today,
ils nous vendent
they sell us
leur progressisme à la con.
their stupid progress.
Yes.
Mais moi,
But me,
je voudrais acheter le rétro.
I'd like to buy the retro.
Gardez vos voitures volantes
Keep your cars flying
de 2020
of 2020
et laissez-moi le vélo de 1978.
And leave me the 1978 bike.
Le vélo de 1978.
The 1978 bike.
1978 ?
1978?
Ça n'a aucun rapport
It has nothing to do with it.
avec la chanson.
with the song.
C'est pas la bicyclette.
It's not the bike.
La chanson date de 1978.
The song dates back to 1978.
Mais alors,
But then,
pourquoi il dit ça ?
Why does he say that?
Ce n'était pas du playback.
It wasn't playback.
Ils nous vendent
They sell us
leur progressisme.
their progress.
C'est pas facile.
It's not easy.
Je pense que tu peux pas trouver.
I think you can't find it.
Attends, mais 78.
Wait, but 78.
78.
Ça peut être.
Maybe.
Soit Balavoine,
Be Balavoine,
soit Eddy.
Eddy.
c'est du Balavoine.
It's Balvoine.
C'est du Balavoine.
Putain.
Fuck.
Et c'est...
And that's...
Et merde !
Damn it!
C'est...
That's...
On était jeunes.
We were young.
Nous, quand on était jeunes,
When we were young,
voilà ce à quoi on rêvait.
That's what we were dreaming about.
Le truc d'en dessous.
The bottom thing.
Ouais, donc c'est pas
Yeah, so it's not.
Mon Fils, Ma Bataille,
My Son, My Battle,
c'est trop sérieux.
It's too serious.
C'est pas...
It's not...
Est-ce que c'est
Is that
Je M'appelle Henri ?
My name is Henri?
Non.
No.
Est-ce que c'est...
Is that...
Je n'en connais pas beaucoup,
I don't know many,
en fait,
Actually,
de Balavoine.
Balancing.
Est-ce que c'est
Is that
tout l'écrité et s'us ?
All written and used?
Ça fait partie d'une comédie musicale.
It's part of a musical.
Ah oui, oui, bien sûr.
Oh, yes, of course.
Donc c'est...
So it's...
Soit quand on arrive en ville.
Or when you get to town.
C'est ça.
Right.
Quand on arrive en ville.
When we get to town.
Ok, alors une dernière.
Okay, then one more.
Une dernière sur un classique
One last on a classic
un classique des classiques
a classic of classics
en termes de commentaires tristes.
in terms of sad comments.
Oh putain.
Oh fucking.
Là, j'en ai trois.
There I have three.
Je l'ai modifié un peu
I changed it a little bit.
parce que parfois
because sometimes
ils donnent le nom
they give the name
de la chanson dedans,
song in it,
mais voilà.
There you go.
Ma fille est partie
My daughter's gone
il y a déjà 16 ans.
16 years ago.
Elle avait 26 ans.
She was 26.
Deuxième commentaire.
Second comment.
Pour mon grand-père.
For my grandfather.
Les sardines ?
The sardines?
Je suis allé voir
I went to see
les commentaires des sardines
the comments of sardines
pour préparer le jeu.
to prepare the game.
et c'est beaucoup d'étrangers
and it's a lot of strangers
qui disent
who say
j'ai rien compris
I don't understand.
mais c'est trop bien.
But it's too good.
Ah oui, oui, je comprends.
Oh yes, yes, I understand.
C'est le vibe.
It's the vibe.
Deuxième commentaire.
Second comment.
Pour mon grand-père
For my grandfather
qui nous a quittés
who left us
à cause du Covid.
Because of the Covid.
Et troisième commentaire.
And third comment.
Mon fils adoré,
My beloved son,
ça fait déjà 9 ans
It's been nine years.
aujourd'hui
Today
que tu es parti.
You're gone.
Je pense à toi
I'm thinking about you
tous les jours, mon chéri.
Every day, darling.
Je t'aime.
I love you.
C'est vrai.
That's right.
Pour mon père,
For my father,
parti il y a un an
left a year ago
le jour de Noël.
Christmas Day.
Je vais te baiser.
I'll fuck you.
Je l'ai.
I got it.
C'est
This is
puisque tu pars
since you're leaving
de Jean-Jacques Goldman.
by Jean-Jacques Goldman.
Pas du tout.
Not at all.
Ah putain, merde.
Damn it.
Mais alors,
But then,
en fait,
Actually,
c'est l'intégralité
It's the whole thing.
des commentaires.
comments.
Pour mon père,
For my father,
parti il y a un an
left a year ago
le jour de Noël,
on Christmas Day,
il s'est écroulé
He collapsed.
dans la neige.
in the snow.
Je fais 13 ans.
I'm 13 years old.
Oh non.
Oh, no.
Voilà 5 mois
5 months ago
que tu es parti
that you left
et c'est de plus en plus difficile.
and it's getting harder and harder.
Je t'aime.
I love you.
Pour ma mère
For my mother
qui avait toujours
who always had
cette chanson en tête
this song in mind
et qui a été diffusée
and has been broadcasted
comme elle le souhaitait
as she wished
à son enterrement.
at his funeral.
Quelle belle chanson
What a beautiful song
pour tous nos disparus.
for all our missing.
C'est peut-être pour ça
Maybe that's why.
qu'elle est morte aussi.
She died too.
C'est peut-être pas normal
Maybe it's not normal.
d'avoir toujours
to always have
la même chanson en tête.
the same song in mind.
Je suis confiné.
I'm confined.
Je suis seul
I'm alone.
et j'ai peur.
And I'm scared.
Si quelqu'un me lit
If anyone reads me
qu'il m'envoie un j'aime,
that he sends me a love,
je vous aime.
I love you.
Oh mais on vous aime.
Oh, but we love you.
On vous aime tous.
We love you all.
Pour tous ceux
For all
qui sont partis
who left
à cause de ce conavirus.
Because of this conavirus.
Non mais attends,
No, but wait,
sérieux,
serious,
ces connards de virus ?
Those fucking viruses?
Non.
No.
Pour toutes les victimes
For all victims
du Covid
Covid
reposé en paix.
Rested in peace.
J'aime beaucoup
I like it very much.
cette chanson merveilleuse.
This wonderful song.
Elle me rappelle mon mari
She reminds me of my husband.
parti trop tôt
gone too soon
dans un monde meilleur
in a better world
suivi de mon fils
followed by my son
cinq ans après.
Five years later.
C'est de l'enfer.
This is hell.
C'est quoi cette chanson
What is this song?
sur la mort là ?
on death there?
Moi je connais que
I know that
puisque tu parles.
Since you're talking.
Elle passe à tous les enterres.
She's passing to every intern.
Pense à un gars
Think about a guy.
qui fout les poils
Who's freaking out
parti trop tôt lui aussi
gone too early
avec des harmonies.
with harmonies.
C'est un spécialiste
He's a specialist.
des harmonies.
harmonies.
C'est incroyable
It's amazing.
ce qu'il a fait
what he did
avec un piano.
with a piano.
Il n'aurait pas dû
He shouldn't have.
jouer au tennis.
Play tennis.
Mais si tu sais.
But if you know.
Je suis sûr que tu sais.
I'm sure you know.
Berger ?
Berger?
C'est exactement
That's exactly it.
Michel Berger.
Et qu'est-ce qu'il y a
And what is it?
comme chanson de Berger
as a Berger song
sur la mort ?
on death?
Mon grand-père
My grandfather
s'est fait assassiner.
He was murdered.
Je t'aime papy.
I love you, Grandpa.
Tu resteras
You'll stay
tout jamais dans mon cœur.
Never in my heart.
Je ne vois pas
I don't see.
la chanson de Berger
Berger's song
sur la mort.
on death.
Le paradis blanc.
White paradise.
Ah oui d'accord.
Right.
Tout simplement
Simply
le paradis blanc.
White paradise.
Moi je pensais
I thought
que c'était sur la chenouf.
It was on the kennel.
Il n'y a pas
There is no
un commentaire
a comment
positif dedans.
positive in it.
Ben oui.
Yeah.
C'est une chanson.
It's a song.
Très triste.
Very sad.
Est-ce que tu as vu
Did you see
en parlant de...
Speaking of...
Très fort.
Very strong.
Merci.
Thanks.
Tiens on va embrayer
Here we go.
sur la chenouf
on the kennel
et mon Christian Clavier.
And my Christian Keyboard.
Est-ce que tu as eu
Did you get
un petit fourrir
a little stuff
sur le truc
on the thing
que je t'ai envoyé ?
I sent you?
Ibiza ?
Ibiza?
Quelle est la phrase exacte ?
What's the exact phrase?
Je ne trouverai plus
I won't find
la phrase exacte.
the exact sentence.
Chéri.
Honey.
Ils ont encore essayé
They tried again
de me vendre de la chenouf.
to sell me kennel.
Ils ont encore essayé
They tried again
de me vendre de la chenouf.
to sell me kennel.
Il y a celui-là
There's this one.
qui a encore essayé
who tried again
de me vendre...
to sell me...
Martin, on a encore essayé
Martin, we tried again.
de me vendre de la chenouf.
to sell me kennel.
La chenouf.
The kennel.
Alors ça m'a fait...
So it made me...
Je crois que je vais
I think I'm gonna
regarder ce film.
Watch this movie.
Vraiment.
Really.
Parce que je t'avoue
Because I confess to you
que moi j'aime bien
I like it
Christian Clavier.
Christian Keyboard.
J'aime bien
I like it.
et comme beaucoup de gens
and like many people
sa période 90
period 90
et donc sa strike
and so his strike
jusqu'aux anges gardiens.
to the guardian angels.
Attendez, le run.
Wait, the run.
On va parler du run
Let's talk about the run.
de Clavier dans les années 90.
Keyboard in the 1990s.
Avec, je te rappelle,
With, I'll call you back,
mon film préféré
my favorite movie
que tu ne mets pas...
You don't put...
Cornet de bif ?
Bif cornet?
Non, que je ne comprends pas.
No, I don't understand.
C'est les anges gardiens
They're the guardian angels.
parce que le meilleur
because the best
de cette période
period
c'est les anges gardiens.
It's the guardian angels.
Voilà, alors je te dis
There you go, then I tell you.
moi les anges gardiens
I the guardian angels
je le revois avec plaisir.
I'm happy to see him again.
C'est juste que c'est celui
It's just the one.
que j'ai découvert le plus tard.
I found out later.
Je ne l'avais pas vu à l'époque.
I didn't see him back then.
Je l'avais en cassette.
I had it on tape.
Il est plus compliqué
It's more complicated.
et en même temps
and at the same time
quand tu regardes
When you look
les anges gardiens
Guardian angels
il fait exactement pareil
He does exactly the same
que dans tous les autres films.
in all other movies.
Il fait pareil
He does the same
que dans Les Visiteurs
that in Visitors
pareil que dans Ibiza.
As in Ibiza.
Il y a un moment
A moment ago
où je ne sais plus
where I don't know
il est au bord
He's on the edge.
il est à Taïwan
He's in Taiwan.
sur un port
on a port
et il dit une phrase
and he says a sentence
mais ça pourrait être
but it could be
sorti de chaque couille.
Get out of every balls.
Le run
Run
de Clavier
Keyboard
à partir de...
From...
C'est quoi ?
What is it?
C'est Cornet de bif ?
Is that Bif Cornet?
C'est quoi ?
What is it?
91.
Alors juste avant...
So right before...
Non, on va commencer
No, let's start.
à Cornet de bif.
To Bif Cornet.
Vas-y, vas-y.
Go on, go on.
Partons du début.
Let's start from the beginning.
Donc Cornet de bif.
So bif cornet.
Après, il y a
Then there is
l'incroyable voyage
the incredible journey
que je ne connais pas
I don't know
mais qui doit être
but who must be
un sérieux.
serious.
Bim !
Bim!
Et là, ça enchaîne
And there it goes
Les Visiteurs
Visitors
La Soif de l'Or
The Golden Soif
La Vengeance d'une Blonde
The Vengeance of a Blonde
Grosse Fatigue
Fatigue
Il est dans la Grosse Fatigue.
He's in Fatigue Big.
Les Anges Gardiens
Guardian Angels
Donc là, déjà 92-95
So here, already 92-95
c'est que des cartons
It's just boxes.
c'est que des tuerilles.
It's just killers.
En 3 ans que ça ?
In three years?
Putain !
Fuck!
Après, il fait
After that, he
Sainte commence à baisser
Holy begins to fall
Panique au Platza
Panic in Platza
que je n'ai pas vu
that I didn't see
Les Sœurs Soleil
The Sun Sisters
que j'ai vu
that I saw
qui est une belle merde
who's a beautiful shit
avec Clémentine Sellerier
with Clementine Sellerier
qui a des énormes vols dedans.
Which has huge flights in it.
On aime bien Clémentine Sellerier.
We like Clementine Sellerier.
C'est la phase
This is the phase
où il juste
where he just
il cash-tonne
he cash-ton
il signe
he signs
tout ce qu'on lui propose.
Everything we offer her.
Visiteurs 2
Visitors 2
Astérix 1
Asterix 1
Misérable
Miserable
Les Visiteurs en Amérique
Visitors to America
Et là
And there
Il passe au gros
He's getting fat.
Là, il arrive sur du
There, he arrives on some
Et là, rebond
And there, bounce
Astérix
Asterix
Obélix
Obelix
Cléopâtre
Cleopatra
Et après
And then
moi, je pense
I think so.
qu'il y a un deuxième run
There's a second run
Non, non
No, no.
en fait
Actually
Non, non
No, no.
Après, c'est plus dur
Then it's harder.
Et après
And then
je l'aime beaucoup
I love her very much.
dans
in
Arrêt
Judgment
Qu'est-ce qui est de sauvable
What's saving?
derrière ?
back?
Il y a
There is
son rôle dans Kaamelott
his role in Kaamelott
où il est très bon
where it is very good
Et puis
And then
Attends, dans le film
Wait, in the movie
qui vient de sortir ?
Who just got out?
Non, dans le film
No, in the movie.
Oui, d'accord
Yeah, okay.
Donc, je n'ai pas le droit
So I don't have the right.
de parler sur les réseaux
to speak on networks
et c'est ça que je voulais te dire
And that's what I wanted to tell you.
c'est horrible
It's horrible.
J'ai vu
I saw
le film
the film
que j'attendais le plus au monde
that I expected the most in the world
20 jours avant sa sortie
20 days before release
Encore aujourd'hui
Still today
ça fait 15 jours
It's been 15 days.
et genre
and gender
j'ai encore
I still have
une semaine
one week
à attendre
to wait
pour pouvoir en parler
to talk about it
avec d'autres gens
with other people
alors que ce film
while this movie
je l'ai plus attendu
I didn't wait for him anymore.
que Star Wars
that Star Wars
donc c'est vraiment
So it really is.
un cadeau empoisonné
a poisoned gift
Enfin là, maintenant
At last, now
c'est passé
It's gone.
mais putain
but fucking
qu'est-ce que je suis chiant
What a pain in the ass
Non, non
No, no.
mais par contre
but by contrast
tu n'as pas signé
you didn't sign
de clause de quoi que ce soit
of anything
Non, je n'ai pas signé
No, I didn't sign
C'est juste que tu ne peux pas en parler
It's just you can't talk about it.
parce que les gens ne l'ont pas vu
because people didn't see him
Oui, les gens ne l'ont pas vu
Yeah, people didn't see him.
Je croyais qu'ils t'avaient fait un
I thought they made you a
Non, ils m'avaient dit
No, they told me.
qu'il ne fallait pas en parler
that we should not talk about it
sur les réseaux
on networks
avant le premier
before the first
Mais bon, bref
But anyway.
je n'en parle pas
I'm not talking about it.
et puis de toute façon
And then anyway
les gens ne veulent rien savoir
People don't want to know anything
les gens qu'aiment l'autre
the people that love each other
Ah bah non, non, non
Oh, no, no, no.
c'est clair
That's clear.
Je pensais qu'il y avait
I thought there was
quand même
still
plus de gros films
more big movies
dans les années 90
in the 1990s
finalement
finally
Au final
Ultimately
je pensais qu'il avait eu
I thought he had had
un run un peu plus fourni aussi
a run a little more provided also
Après, les années 80
After the 1980s
sont pas mal
are not bad
Le Pernod est une ordure
The Pernod is a scumbag
Papi fait de la résistance
Papi makes resistance
Twist Again à Moscou
Twist Again in Moscow
mais meilleur qu'au part
but better than except
En fait, c'est ça
Actually, that's it.
c'est que son run
It's just his run.
avait commencé un peu plus tôt
had started a little earlier
Mais bref
But in short
et donc Ibiza
And so Ibiza
Ibiza
tu vois
See?
ces films
these movies
années 2010
years 2010
évidemment
Of course.
que ça ne m'a jamais
that it never has me
intéressé
interested
et qu'est-ce qu'on a fait
and what we did
au bon Dieu
to God
et
and
je ne sais plus
I don't know anymore.
comment il s'appelle
what his name is
celui avec des roumains
the one with Romanians
qui avaient un nom scandaleux
who had a scandalous name
qu'ils ont été obligés
that they were forced
de changer
to change
Convoi exceptionnel
Exceptional convoy
Non, ça s'est obligé
No, it had to.
Je l'ai vu
I saw him.
Non, c'est
No, it's
S'il vous plaît
Please
Comme ça
Like this
Ça s'appelait
It was called
S'il vous plaît
Please
Et ils ont changé le nom
And they changed the name
À bras ouverts
With open arms
Ah peut-être, ouais
Maybe, yeah.
mais bon bref
But in short
c'est toujours la même histoire
It's always the same story.
c'est insupportable
It's unbearable.
Mais Ibiza
But Ibiza
en voyant le trailer
seeing the trailer
je me suis dit
I thought
j'ai peut-être envie
Maybe I want to.
de
of the
j'ai peut-être besoin de ça
Maybe I need this.
après une année compliquée
after a complicated year
de
of the
confinement et de Covid
containment and Covid
j'ai peut-être besoin
Maybe I need
de le clavier qui crie
of the keyboard that cries
encore essayez de me vendre
Try to sell me again
de H&L
H&L
Enfin, tu vois
I mean, you see.
J'avais ça
I had this.
quand j'ai vu
when I saw
il y en a une comme ça
There's one like that.
par
by
par film
by film
qui
who
genre
gender
dans
in
qu'est-ce qu'on a fait au bon Dieu
What have we done to God?
c'est nul tout le temps
It sucks all the time.
et à un moment
and at one time
il dit
He says
il dit au mec
He tells the guy.
on n'aimait pas le pain
We didn't like bread
comme ça
Like this
dans un sujet
in a subject
c'est sûr
Sure.
de ne pas très pauvre
not very poor
Tu sais que là
You know there.
c'est incroyable
It's amazing.
parce qu'après
because after
qu'est-ce qu'on a fait au bon Dieu
What have we done to God?
donc il y a
So there's
qu'est-ce qu'on a encore fait au bon Dieu
What have we done to God again?
il était dans
he was in
les visiteurs
visitors
révolution
Revolution
il est dans un énorme carton
He's in a huge box.
par décennie
per decade
depuis des années 70
since the 1970s
et là
and there
cette semaine
this week
sortait un film
It was a movie
avec Thierry Lhermitte
with Thierry Lhermitte
qui s'appelle
called
Mystère à Saint-Tropez
Mystery in Saint-Tropez
qui sort aujourd'hui d'ailleurs
which comes out today
avec Poulvard
with Poulvard
il joue un inspecteur
He's playing a detective.
un inspecteur ridicule
A ridiculous detective
et bah
and bah
tu regardes
You look.
la
the
tu regardes la
You look at her.
la bande annonce
the trailer
il refait
He's doing it again.
les mêmes vannes
the same valves
et puis
and then
bah
Yeah.
il va nous sortir
He's gonna get us out.
qu'est-ce qu'on a tous fait au bon Dieu
What have we all done to God?
donc l'épisode 3
So episode 3
putain
fucking
ouais mais il s'en fout
Yeah, but he doesn't care.
parce que là
because there
moi
Me
je ne peux pas dire de Kaamelott
I can't say about Kaamelott.
mais ce que je vais te dire quand même
But what I'm gonna tell you anyway
c'est qu'à mon avis
That's what I think.
ça va être un classique
It's gonna be a classic.
et il est dedans
and it's in
ah quand même
ah still
ah oui oui
Yes
donc vous êtes
So you're
ah oui
Yes
moi je le mets
I put it on
c'est
It's
de toute façon on le sait
We know that anyway.
Kaamelott c'est déjà
Kaamelott it's already
sur la lignée de
on the
Shabba
OSS
machin
stuff
c'est déjà culte comme ça
It's already worshipping like that.
pour beaucoup beaucoup de gens
for many people
et le film ne va faire que
and the movie will only do
asseoir ça
Sit it down.
et
and
parce que là
because there
le casting est quand même
the casting is still
fou furieux
mad mad
Shabba est énorme
Shabba is huge
Clavier est énorme
Keyboard is huge
moi je pense que
I think that
donc il a réussi
So he did it.
pourquoi c'est une réussite ?
Why is this a success?
ah moi c'est une réussite
I'm a success.
totale
Total
non j'ai
No, I have
à revoir
to be reviewed
mais bon
but good
après des fois
after times
quand je vais tout seul au ciné
when I go to the movies by myself
il m'arrive d'être bon public
Sometimes I'm a good audience.
par exemple
for example
je suis allé voir tout seul
I went to see myself.
le tout dernier Star Wars
the latest Star Wars
le matin
morning
à 100 personnes
100 persons
pour être cynique
to be cynical
autour de moi
around me
et quand je suis sorti
and when I came out
j'étais surpris
I was surprised
que les gens le trouvent
that people find him
aussi nul en fait
also zero in fact
avec le recul
with the back
il est nul
He sucks.
mais quand je me le prends
But when I take it
en plein
in the middle
en fait j'aime tellement
Actually I love it so much.
le cinoche quoi
What?
et
and
et les sagas
and the sagas
et certains trucs
and some stuff
et c'est pour ça
And that's why
que moi je déteste
that I hate
donner mon avis
give my opinion
quand je sors d'un film
when I come out of a movie
tu vois
See?
déjà
already
je ne suis pas plus
I'm not anymore.
beaucoup au ciné
a lot of movies
mais je déteste
But I hate
tu sais
You know.
tu sors
You go out
tu te retrouves dehors
you find yourself outside
alors
then
t'as aimé
You loved it.
et là je suis incapable
And now I'm incapable
de donner mon avis
to give my opinion
surtout
especially
quand j'ai détesté
When I hated
je peux le dire
I can say
mais par exemple
but for example
le Star Wars
Star Wars
c'était tellement matraqué
It was so batoned.
en plus
more
pendant deux heures
for two hours
d'explosion
explosion
de musique
Music
tu vois
See?
que c'est très compliqué
that it's very complicated
d'être
to be
et je pense que c'est pour ça
And I think that's why
que ça marche aussi bien
it works as well
en plus des histoires pétées
in addition to the stuffed stories
et du fanservice
and fanservice
mais
but
c'est comme les Avengers
It's like the Avengers.
tu vois
See?
je sais quand j'en ai trouvé
I know when I found them.
un pourri
a rotten
mais il faut du temps
But it takes time
pour que je vois
so I can see
si j'en ai trouvé un bien
if I found a good one
tu vois
See?
et au final dans les Marvel
and finally in the Marvels
j'ai dû en aimer deux
I must have loved two.
deux ou trois
two or three
tu vois
See?
sur tous
on all
et je les ai tous vus
and I saw them all
et j'ai mis du temps
and I took time
à m'encontre
against me
Marvel
j'arrive pas à m'y attacher
I can't stick to it.
le seul que j'aimerais
the only one I'd like
non mais c'est du fast food
No, but it's fast food.
on le sait
We know that.
mais non mais c'est dingue
But no, but it's crazy.
il n'y en a aucun
There are none.
que j'ai envie de revoir
that I want to see again
tu vois pour moi
you see for me
je crois que le
I think the
Iron Man 3
m'avait fait marrer
had made me laugh
et était
and was
un peu différent des autres
a little different from the others
il y avait une petite patte différente
There was a little different leg
moi je me souviens
I remember
sinon
if not
avoir vu
having seen
le premier Avengers
the first Avengers
en Espagne
in Spain
au ciné
on film
dans un gros ciné
in a big movie
et m'être dit
and told me
ah ouais là on est quand même
Yeah, we're still here.
passé autre chose
past something else
j'avais vraiment kiffé
I really did.
le moment
the moment
mais c'est vrai
But it's true.
pas envie de le revoir
Don't want to see him again
et moi Avengers
and I Avengers
ça me casse les couilles
It breaks my balls.
tu vois
See?
mais le premier
but the first
le premier c'était le premier
the first was the first
donc bon
so good
voilà c'était la
There it was.
j'étais juste content
I was just happy.
qu'on ait passé un cap
that we've passed a course
dans le
in the
dans le ciné quoi
in the movies what
mais
but
après tu vois
then you see
en oubliant un peu
forgetting a little
la tartinade rétro
retro spread
qui n'est pas finote
which is not finote
je trouve que
I find that
Guardian de la Galaxie
Guardian of the Galaxy
le premier
the first
était un peu frais
was a little fresh.
et
and
sinon je réfléchis
Or I'll think
mais je
but I
ouais
Yeah.
j'ai pas
I don't have
non non mais moi je
No, no, but I'm not.
ouais
Yeah.
mais en fait
but actually
mais quand tu sors du ciné
But when you get out of the movies
tu te dis pas ça
You don't think that.
tu te dis
You think
putain
fucking
je me suis pris
I caught myself
une énorme truc
a huge thing
dans la gueule
in the mouth
et puis en fait
And then actually
ouais
Yeah.
bref
short
mais les franchises
but franchises
on préfère Ibiza
We prefer Ibiza
et les bons films français
and good French films
c'est cool
It's cool.
pardon je suis désolé
Sorry, I'm sorry.
ça sonne
It's ringing
les courses
races
tu meubles pendant deux minutes
you move for two minutes
ah carrément d'accord
ah totally agreed
bah écoute sinon
Well listen if not
ce qu'on peut faire
what we can do
c'est on peut se quitter
It's we can leave
un peu que ça fait une heure
It's been an hour.
bah ouais mais là
Yeah, but there.
vraiment il vient de sonner
really it just ringed
donc j'ai une seconde
So I have a second.
donc
so
ok bah vas-y film
Okay, let's go film.
moi je vais regarder
I'll watch
le Tour de France
the Tour de France
avec les Kostikos
with the Kostikos
je vous mets le son
I'll give you the sound.
alors là attaque
then attack
attaque de Pogacar
Pogacar attack
c'est le maillot jaune
It's the yellow jersey.
il reste deux kilomètres
Two kilometers left
on est dans la dernière ascension
We're in the last climb.
là c'est très très costaud
That's very big.
on est à 28 km heure
We're 28 miles an hour.
ça relance derrière
It's reviving behind
il y en a que deux
There are only two
qu'on peut suivre
that we can follow
c'est Carapace d'un côté
It's Carapace on one side
c'est Wingergaard de l'autre
It's Wingergaard of the other.
et ça relance
and it's reviving
ça relance
It revives
en chasse patate derrière
hunting potato behind
qui en a
who has
on a David Godu
We got David Godu.
David Godu un petit français
David Godu a little French
il est sorti du top 10
he's out of the top 10.
mais là il peut faire
but there he can do
un beau saut général
a beautiful general jump
s'il se fait pas rattraper
if he doesn't get caught
il est à 33 secondes derrière
He's 33 seconds behind
à 55 secondes derrière
55 seconds behind
les autres favoris du podium
other favourites of the podium
ça coince un peu
It's kind of stuck.
pour le peloton
for the peloton
on est à 3 minutes
We're three minutes away.
avec le maillot à poids
with the weight jersey
ambiance
alors vous allez me dire
Then you'll tell me
est-ce qu'ils sont tous dopés
Are they all doped?
est-ce qu'ils sont pas dopés
Are they not doped?
est-ce qu'ils trichent
Are they cheating?
c'est l'éternelle question
That's the eternal question.
avec le vélo
with the bike
alors c'est vrai
So it's true.
que ce jeune Slovène
that this young Slovenian
qui avait quand même
who still had
gagné des tours
won tricks
dans sa jeunesse
in his youth
ce jeune Slovène
this young Slovenian
est surprenant
is surprising
ce jeune Slovène
this young Slovenian
développe des watts
watt development
rarement vus
Rarely seen
fait des ascensions
makes climbs
plus vite Carmstrong
faster Carmstrong
on peut douter
We can doubt
d'autant que
especially as
dans sa team
in his team
il y a quand même
There is still
quelques personnes
a few people
un peu louches
a little dull
et déjà condamnées
and already convicted
pour dopage
for doping
mais pour le sport
but for sport
qu'est-ce qu'on se régale
What are we having?
voilà alors
There you go.
c'est bon
It's okay.
il a pris ses courses
He took his errands.
ouais ouais ouais
Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
tiens je te parle
Here, I'm talking to you.
c'est quoi
What is it?
c'est intermarché
It's intermarket.
c'est quoi
What is it?
c'est
It's
la belle vie
the good life
sans soucis
without worries
sans problème
No problem
c'est la belle vie
It's the good life.
c'est le nom d'un supermarché
That's the name of a supermarket.
en ligne
online
avec des choses bio
with organic things
alors
then
oh là là
Oh there.
ça doit être un truc
It must be something.
de bobo encore
Bobo again
ils ont
they have
alors une petite particularité
then a small peculiarity
qui fait leur charme
who makes their charm
c'est-à-dire
i.e.
tu vois
See?
le prix normal d'un truc
the normal price of something
c'est x2
It's x2
c'est ça que je vais me dire
That's what I'm gonna say.
chez eux
Home
il y a un côté
There's a side
des normaux
normal
frais x2
Fresh x2
c'est sympa
It's nice.
on va faire pas trop
We're not gonna do too much.
c'est vraiment sympa
It's really nice.
ouais c'est vraiment sympa
Yeah, it's really nice.
mais ce qui est cool
But what's cool
c'est qu'il livre gratuitement
That's because he delivers for free.
à partir de 40 euros d'achat
from 40 euros purchase
et c'est vrai qu'il a pris
And it's true that he took
qu'une barquette de framboises
than a tray of raspberries
on a déjà fait mi-chemin
We've already been halfway.
et bah
and bah
on est content
We're happy.
et du coup
and so
tu fais le plein
you fill up
pour deux jours
for two days
là avec les 40 balles
There with the 40 bullets
franchement
Frankly.
entre le goûter
between the snack
et ce que je vais me mettre ce soir
And what I'm gonna wear tonight
je peux recommander tout à l'heure
I can recommend later.
mais
but
non non
no no
c'est faux en plus
That's not true anymore.
c'est pas mal
It's not bad.
d'accord
Agreement
bah écoute
Yeah, listen.
c'est bon
It's okay.
t'as pu mettre au frais
You could have cooled it.
ce qu'il y avait à mettre au frais
what there was to put in the cold
ah bah non
Oh, no.
non
No
là on est sur du
There we are sure of
d'accord
Agreement
pas de surgelé j'espère
No frozen, I hope.
attention à la chaîne du froid
attention to the cold chain
il y a un truc qu'ils font
There's something they do.
il y a une pratique commerciale
there is a commercial practice
que je trouve très agressive
that I find very aggressive
et je vais t'en parler
And I'll tell you about it.
oui
yes
il me livre à chaque fois
He delivers me every time
je vais voir si ça va être encore le cas
I'll see if it's still gonna be.
une canette
a can
de 25 centilitres
25 centilitres
de Grimbergen
of Grimbergen
à 0,0%
0.0%
que je n'ai pas commandé
I didn't order
autrement appelé
otherwise called
l'habitager à Rolls
living in Rolls
oui
yes
alors plus petite
then smaller
oui oui
yes yes
non parce que c'est une petite canette
not because it's a small can
de 25
of 25
pas de 33
no 33
ah d'accord
Agreement
ah oui oui d'accord
ah yes yes agree
et ils disent
And they say
bon là
Good there.
vous faites ce que vous voulez
you do what you want
vous ne l'avez pas commandé
you didn't order it
est-ce que c'est pas
Is it not
abusé
Abused
tu trouvais au final
you found it in the end
attends mais comment ça
wait, but how it is
ils te la donnent en disant quoi
they give it to you saying what
genre
gender
il y a un petit prospectus
There's a little flyer.
une petite canette
a small can
ah c'est un petit truc marketing
Ah, it's a little marketing thing.
ouais d'accord
Yeah.
mais
but
pourquoi c'est abusé
Why it's abused
parce que c'est de l'alcool
because it's alcohol
bah non
Yeah, no.
c'est pas de l'alcool
It's not alcohol.
ah j'ai cru que c'était de la bière
I thought it was beer.
non c'est
No, it's
mais si c'était une bière
but if it was a beer
si on m'offre une bière
if I get a beer
là on m'offre une bière sans alcool
I'm offered a beer without alcohol.
et on me dit tiens
And I'm told here.
ah une bière sans alcool
ah a beer without alcohol
oui 0,0
Yes 0.0
mais c'est agressif quand même
but it's aggressive anyway
comme marketing
as marketing
j'ai rien demandé
I didn't ask.
tiens
Here.
oui mais c'est un échantillon
Yes, but it's a sample.
c'est bien d'avoir des trucs gratuits
It's good to have free stuff.
mais il me donne un déchet
But he gives me a waste
j'ai rien demandé moi
I didn't ask for anything.
qu'est-ce que c'est que cette
What is this?
et la planète
and the Planet
c'est-à-dire qu'on me donne
that is, I'm given
ah
ouais bah alors ça
Yeah, well, that
c'est le principe de faire des échantillons
it's the principle of making samples
de merde et de prospectus
Shit and flyer
mais les échantillons
but the samples
on te demande
We're asking you.
là
There
là c'est
There it is
j'ai trouvé ça très agressif
I thought it was very aggressive.
je reçois des courses
I get races
on me dit tiens
I'm told here.
et bah voilà
And there you go.
et du coup c'est de merde
And that's shit.
parce que moi je me retrouve
because I find myself
avec une canette pleine
with a full can
je veux pas la boire
I don't want to drink it.
et tu vas pas la boire
And you're not gonna drink it.
bah ouais
Yeah.
mais je fais quoi
But what do I do?
je la jette
I throw it away.
alors résultat
then result
plutôt caustique
rather caustic
je m'en suis ouvert une
I opened one
bon
Good
et bah c'est pas mal
And, well, it's not bad.
voilà parce que c'était
That's because it was
ah merde
Damn it.
et bah c'est le seul
And, well, it's the only one.
et bah voilà
And there you go.
et bah c'est bon
And, well, it's okay.
problème résolu
problem solved
bah ouais
Yeah.
non mais c'était le seul truc frais
No, but it was the only cool thing.
de mon truc
My thing.
c'est pour ça que j'avais commandé
That's why I ordered
des courses juste avant
races just before
ouais ouais
Yeah.
alors que tu vois
when you see
moi j'ai
I have
là je croule sous les bières
I'm going under the beers.
parce que j'en bois plus beaucoup
'Cause I don't drink much more
t'en aurais fait quoi ?
What would you have done with it?
parce que là t'étais avec
because there you were with
moi j'aurais bu
I would've been drinking
je l'aurais bu direct
I would have drank it directly.
j'aurais bu direct
I would have been drinking straight.
pour goûter
to taste
mais oui mais
but yes, but
à chaque fois il y en a
Every time there are
je vais vérifier
I'll check it out.
à mon avis il y en a une autre
I think there's another one.
peut-être que la prochaine fois
Maybe next time.
que tu commandes
that you order
dis leur
tell them
tu leur dis
You tell them
je veux pas de vos merdes
I don't want your shit.
c'est comme pas de pub
It's like no publicity.
sur la boîte aux lettres
on the mailbox
tu vois
See?
t'as le droit
You have the right
de pas vouloir de trucs en plus
not to want more stuff
je dois dire
I have to say
si je suis honnête
if I'm honest
que
that
j'ai eu l'impression
I got the impression
de boire un peu une bière
to drink a beer
et j'ai pas mal à la tête
And my head's all right.
parce que je suis totalement
because I'm totally
un lendemain de cuite
one day of cooking
c'est pas mal
It's not bad.
c'était pas dégueu dégueu quoi
It wasn't gross.
bon je peux pas dire
I can't say.
je comprends
I understand.
mais
but
au bout d'un moment
after a moment
tu vois
See?
j'ai quand même l'impression
I still feel
de boire de l'eau de céréales
drinking cereal water
j'ai essayé
I tried.
les bières sans alcool
alcohol-free beers
et au final
and ultimately
il y a quand même
There is still
un petit truc qui manque
a little something missing
et je déteste maintenant
and I hate it now
me prendre des caisses
Get me some boxes.
on en parlait hier
We were talking about it yesterday.
avec de la bière
with beer
mais
but
putain d'ailleurs
Damn it.
c'est ça
Right.
allez
Come on.
on en parle vite fait
We talk about it quickly.
qu'est-ce qu'on pourrait trouver
What could we find?
comme alcool
as alcohol
qui bourre comme la bière
that stuffs like beer
à savoir à 4-5
4-5
mais qu'on pourrait boire
But we could drink
longtemps
long
tu vois
See?
parce que c'est ça
'Cause that's it.
qu'on aime dans la bière
that we love in beer
c'est que c'est des gros verres
It's big drinks.
du coup ça dure longtemps
So it lasts a long time.
bah ouais
Yeah.
mais parce qu'effectivement
but because indeed
tout le reste est chiant
Everything else is boring.
un petit bonaco
a little bonaco
j'en ai marre
I'm sick of it.
de péter de la bière
I'm going to break beer.
j'en ai marre d'avoir mal
I'm tired of hurting
au bide
in bide
de mal dormir de la bière
sleeping bad beer
j'en ai marre du mal de tête
I'm sick of the headache.
en fait tout est nul
In fact, everything sucks.
à part que
Except that
quand on boit
when drinking
c'est trop bien
It's too good.
on en a déjà parlé
We've already talked about it.
moi les pintes
I pints
j'adore ça
I love it.
le problème c'est qu'aujourd'hui
the problem is that today
c'est peut-être aussi
Maybe it's also
les bières de soif
thirsty beers
et les blondes pourries
And the rotten blondes
qui nous servent dans les bars
who serve us in bars
mais je ne peux plus
But I can't anymore
depuis mes 30 ans
since I was 30
je ne peux plus
I can't anymore.
boire 3 pintes
drink 3 pints
sans avoir une gueule de bois
without a hangover
horrible
Horrible
franchement ça c'est des conneries
That's bullshit.
parce que
because
toutes mes bières
All my beers
toutes mes cuites
all my cooking
aux vraies bonnes bières
real beers
déjà
already
déjà tu ne peux pas
already you can't
t'éclater plus de 3 pintes
you have more than 3 pints
parce qu'elles sont à 8
because they're at 8
donc bon
so good
8 ou 9
8 or 9
ah oui mais donc
Yes, but so
pour toi
for you
quelle que soit la bière
Whatever the beer
en fait
Actually
non mais j'allais dire
No, but I was gonna say
c'est pire
It's worse.
franchement les gars
Frankly, guys.
qui disent
who say
ah les bonnes bières
Ah good beers
et tout ça se digère mieux
and it's getting better digested
c'est pas vrai
That's not true.
c'est pire
It's worse.
franchement
Frankly.
ah non
ah no
moi je ne disais pas ça
I wasn't saying that.
je me disais peut-être
Maybe I was thinking
que les bières de merde
That shit beer
faisaient encore plus mal
hurt even more
mais en tout cas
but in any case
moi je ne peux plus
I can't anymore
ça me fait beaucoup trop mal
It hurts too much.
et donc
and so
j'ai essayé de trouver
I tried to find
d'autres manières
in other ways
d'être saoul
to be drunk
sans se fracasser
Without breaking
moi j'aimerais un truc
I'd like something.
à partir du moment
from the moment
où c'est de la pinte
where it's pint
en fait je voudrais un truc
Actually I'd like something.
ou alors il faudrait
or we should
des cocktails
cocktails
très dilués
Very diluted
et avec beaucoup d'eau dedans
and with plenty of water in it
écoute
Listen
tu as le cidre
You have the cider
non mais c'est pareil
No, but it's the same.
parce que ça va être gazeux
'Cause it's gonna be gaseous.
donc ça va être horrible
So it's gonna be horrible.
alors sinon
then otherwise
et moi c'est ce que j'aime
And I love it.
beaucoup en Angleterre
many in England
c'est que les pintes
It's just pints.
en Angleterre
in England
c'est des bières
They're beers.
quasiment sans bulles
almost without bubbles
et à température
and temperature
tu vois
See?
ils ont leurs bières anglaises
They have their English beers
qui sont
which are
tièdes
warm
donc
so
et quand même en pression
and still under pressure
tu vois
See?
mais sans bulles
but without bubbles
et ça j'aime beaucoup
And I like it a lot.
alors je ne me suis pas
So I didn't
pris de caisse à ça
taken from cash at that
mais j'aime bien
but I like it
avec la Guinness
with Guinness
tu n'as pas le problème
You don't have a problem.
de je digère trop mal
to digest too badly
j'ai trop envie de péter
I'm so excited to go out.
et tout
and all
de la bière
Beer
je ne parle pas
I'm not talking.
des bières brunes
brown beers
c'est des blondes
They're blondes.
et des rousses
and redheads
sans bulles
Without bubbles
et à température
and temperature
et alors après
and then
des pintes
Pints
des pintes de Guinness
of the pintes of Guinness
à mon avis
in my opinion
ça fait longtemps
It's been a while.
que je ne m'en suis pas pris
I didn't take it.
trois ou quatre
three or four
mais ça doit faire mal
But it must hurt.
quand même quoi
still what
ah bah oui oui
Yeah, yeah.
ma dernière cuite scandaleuse
my last scandalous cooking
c'était Guinness
It was Guinness.
non c'est pas bon
No, it's not good.
les Guinness
Guinness
c'est pour ça
That's why.
non donc
not therefore
après
after
d'un alcool à 4-5
4-5 alcohol
qui se consommerait
that would be consumed
à la pinte
Pint
donc en grande quantité
so in large quantity
mais qui serait pas
but who wouldn't
le vin c'est horrible
Wine is horrible
mais non mais tu sais
but no, but you know
c'est peut-être les vieux
Maybe it's the old ones.
qui avaient la solution
who had the solution
ils buvaient du vin
They drank wine
qui n'était pas du tout à 12
which was not at all 12
non c'est pas dilué
No, it's not diluted.
mais c'était une espèce de vin
but it was some kind of wine
pas du tout à 12 en fait
not at all to 12 in fact
la vieille Vinas quoi
Old Vinas what
beaucoup moins fort
much less strong
bah c'est peut-être ça
Well, maybe that's it.
j'aimerais
I wish
j'aimerais trouver ça
I'd like to find this.
je crois pas
I don't think so.
je pense que ça te détruit le ventre
I think it destroys your stomach.
à mon avis
in my opinion
ce qu'il faut faire
what to do
c'est trouver un moyen
it's finding a way
d'avoir ta pinte
to have your pint
de bière diluée
Of diluted beer
donc du monaco
So monaco
de la limonade
lemonade
du sirop
Of syrup
pas du picon
not pike
mais c'est les mêmes céréales
But it's the same cereal.
c'est les mêmes céréales
It's the same cereal.
tu vas en chier
You're gonna shit yourself.
oui mais t'en bois moins
Yeah, but you don't drink any more.
t'en bois moins
you drink less
tu te fais moitié bière
you get half beer
moitié limonade
half lemonade
tu vois
See?
après tu te bouffes du sucre
after you eat sugar
je sais pas
I don't know.
peut-être que la solution
Maybe the solution
c'est cette bière sans alcool
It's that alcohol-free beer.
et si tu trouves la bonne
and if you find the right one
ouais ça serait
Yeah.
un espèce de cocktail
a kind of cocktail
où c'est de l'eau gazeuse
where it's gas water
ou en fait
or in fact
faudrait
should
ou alors
or
moi ce que j'ai le plus proche
me the closest I have
c'est de vachement diluer
It's really diluting.
des Ricard en fait
Ricard actually
ouais mais le Ricard
Yeah, but Ricard.
quand on boit trop pareil
when you drink too much
ça écoeure
It's disgusting.
non tu sais quoi
No, you know what.
le truc nouveau
the new thing
qui arrive en France
who arrives in France
qu'ils ont beaucoup aux Etats-Unis
that they have a lot in the United States
et qui est un peu d'huile
and which is a little oil
on va pas se le cacher
We're not gonna hide it.
c'est ce qu'ils appellent
That's what they call
les hard seltzer
Hard saltzer
c'est des eaux gazeuses
It's gas water.
alcoolisées
alcoholic
un peu aromatisées
a little flavored
et tout
and all
on en a reçu au taf
We got some on the job.
le jour pour boiter
the day to limp
bon
Good
c'est pas très bon
It's not very good.
je pense que tout seul
I think all alone.
ça n'a aucun intérêt
It's no use.
mais tu peux avoir
but you can have
ce côté peinte
this painted side
rafraîchissant
refreshing
et peut-être
and maybe
peut-être un petit buzz
Maybe a little buzz.
de l'alcool
Alcohol
sans être complètement
without being completely
défoncé le moment
high the moment
à essayer
to be tested
écoute on peut essayer
Listen, we can try.
les hard seltzer
Hard saltzer
la prochaine fois
next time
ou le crack
or crack
je vais m'en acheter
I'll buy some.
je sais pas
I don't know.
je vais mettre un des deux
I'll put on one of the two
mais je sais pas lequel encore
but I don't know which one yet
well Urbain
Well Urban
I think we have to
I think we have to wrap it up
we have to wrap it up
I think we have to wrap
to wrap this
fantastic episode
it's not ours to say
it's not bear to say
but I would say
goal I would say
the best ever
maybe
I think so
yeah
Yeah.
I think
maybe the one
with the two labels
the one with the two labels
maybe just
above the one
with the two labels
I'm not sure
I'm sure.
I love the
I'm not
I'm not even sure
about this
because the two labels
because of the two labels
was
Peggy 18
yeah
Yeah.
whereas today
we did a
fantastic job
for
children
and the entire family
teenagers
Teenagers
yeah
Yeah.
it's a family show
yeah
Yeah.
it's not PG protein
it's not PG protected
would you like to
try some
heroine with that
yes
mommy
mummy
you know
hey kids
just
come and listen
to this
fantastic
fantasy
Gerald's
big
Big
can
dick
story
it's a great
tale
it's amazing
for everyone
this year
okay so we're gonna
Okay, so we're gonna go.
do a little
activity
guys
you're gonna draw
you're gonna win a draw
Gerald's dick
and uh
the cutest ring
is gonna win
is gona win
all right
All right
okay let's go
Okay let's go
what a great family
we have
We have
uh
Uh.
I made cookies
but they're filled
but they're girlsd
with heroin
With hero
all right
All right
well
Well
happy 14th of july
happy 14th of July
yeah
Yeah.
vive la france
Live the france
happy best today
go get vaccinated
if you want to
if you don't want to
just do as you want
everyone
of course
it's a free country
yeah
Yeah.
anti-vax
vax
same
Same
dickheads
same
Same
but
purpose
we will be
in our restaurant
uh
Uh.
having andouillette
à la moutarde
Mustard
then you will be
outside
with your covid
and
yes
it's fine by me
if you like
doing nothing
we like
great food
and great women
and oral sex
all right
All right
all right kids
All right kids
all right
All right
goodbye
je n'ai toujours pas coupé
I still haven't cut
ah merde
Damn it.
je me disais
I was thinking
ah ouais ouais
Yeah.
je sais
I know.
là on a niqué la fin
There we fucked the end
ah merde
Damn it.
les couples
couples
je refais
I do it again.
mais il y a un truc
But there's something
qui m'empêche
which prevents me
il y a une autre barre
There's another bar
il y a une barre
There's a bar
c'est vous
It's you.
vous n'écoutez pas ça
You don't listen to that.
vous voyez bien
you can see
qu'on est pas bien
We're not good.
on est derrière le rideau
We're behind the curtain.
là
There
on vient de briser
We just broke
le quatrième mur
the fourth wall
partez
Go
partez maintenant
Go now
CHOP H environ
About
Hatteuda
boxe lumber
boxing number
see ya
Hyaloo
daughter
Roo
t'em